n\nThis comic is a reference to the "Back to the Future" film series (specifically the first film) in which the protagonist, Marty McFly (played by Michael J. Fox) travels back from 1985 (present day for him) to 1955 and accidentally interferes with his own parents\' first meeting. He must then arrange for them to fall in love before he ceases to exist from the paradox of his own parents never having children. An unintended side-effect of the way events occur is that his dad gains self-confidence in the past and becomes "less of a loser" in the present.\nAs noted in the comic, the time machine Marty uses is built by his professor friend, Doctor Emmett L. Brown (Christopher Lloyd) out of a DeLorean DMC-12 (a 1980s-era sports car).\nCueball, or possibly Hairy, as the art could be inconsistent on this early comic, has a very similar experience. He suggests that the aforementioned changes to history are what he really needed to do. After a frame of awkward silence, Megan reminds him that her father was in the World Trade Center North Tower \xe2\x80\x93 implying that he died along with several thousand others in 1 World Trade Center on September 11, 2001 at the time the tower collapsed due to a terrorist-flown passenger jet crashing into the building. Megan is therefore implying that saving her father\'s life (and perhaps the lives of the other 9/11 victims) might have been something else of importance he "needed" to do \xe2\x80\x94 perhaps something of significantly more importance. He seems completely oblivious to what she is trying to suggest. Megan starts to explain, but apparently decides that there\'s no point even trying to get through to him.\nThe title text could refer Cueball/Hairy, Megan\'s father, or Marty McFly.\nAs a side note, for the comic to make sense, the events in the comic must take place after September 11, 2001, and not 1985 as it is in the movie. Since no dates are mentioned, Cueball probably went back by thirty years, because that\'s how far back Marty travels in the film.\n\n