n\nThis comic is a commentary on the practice of "vaguebooking" or "vaguetweeting", which is posting a short message of sadness or frustration without context.  \nGoogle has been criticized more than a few times for keeping rather extensive data records on its users, who by this point constitute most of the internet, enough to cause serious damage if Google wasn\'t historically altruistic (as altruistic as a for-profit company can be). In the comic, ContextBot is a fictitious Google invention which puts context for these statuses, presumably based on all that personal data which Google has collected:\n\nThe first response is pretty self-explanatory: the original poster wants to use the Internet while on the toilet, but can\'t get a wi-fi signal there.\n\nThe second response is about a bad torrent file the original poster downloaded. A torrent is a way to download files from a lot of different sources at the same time, thereby speeding up the process; it is typically used for large downloads such as movies, games, or Linux software distributions. Fake torrents exist, which usually contain an encrypted .rar file which requires a password to open. To get the password, you usually need to go through a survey through the link supplied in the torrent; in some situations, you even need to pay in order to get the password. Even after that, it\'s quite likely that the .rar file just contains trash files, instead of the download you wanted.\n\nThe third response is about an xkcd favorite, Minecraft, which has been referenced multiple times in xkcd comics. Diamond is the most valuable resource in the game, and lava destroys any item dropped into it. A "stack" of diamond could be up to 64 pieces, and likely represents the fruit of several hours mining.\n\nThe fourth response is about how the original poster mistook the grapes as being seedless. Grape seeds taste really bitter and are uncomfortable when swallowed; this is even more annoying when the seeds are unexpected.\n\nAs noted by the subtitle, ContextBot is considered a great good by everyone who was sick of vaguebooking. This also redeem\'s Google\'s practice of all those data records in the public\'s eye.\nIn the ContextBot\'s avatar image, three people can be seen together hanging out. But the image is about to be cropped, leaving out the third person and therefore giving the impression that the two people in the cropped image are there without that person. This demonstrates how context is important to understanding a situation.\nThe title text refers to the cryptic ways in which someone with sensitive information must communicate. While most vaguebooking/vaguetweeting is about things of little importance, the title text implies that the things not mentioned impact national/global security. This implies that many tweets may actually be related to high-clearance military and or national security information, but must be vague in order to keep it secret, and if you take that as the context, then the internet suddenly becomes much more exciting.\n\n