n\nCueball has obtained a new license plate. The license plate number one receives is often the next in sequence, available at the time and place of registration. However, in many localities, for an additional fee one can select his or her own "personalized" license plate number (called a vanity plate), subject to certain criteria, and availability.\nIn this comic, Cueball has elected to purchase the personalized license plate number "1I1-III1" or "one, letter I, one, dash, letter I, letter I, letter I and one". He believes the ambiguity between the letter I and the digit 1 on the plate will make it very difficult for anyone to correctly identify his vehicle if he commits a crime. Some localities have more distinct "1" and "I" characters in their license plate font than others, but often when a crime is committed witnesses only has a short time to look at the plate, and will then be confused.\nIn principle his idea did work, cause when the police end up interviewing a witness of a crime scene in the end of the comic, he can only say that it The thief\'s license plate was all "1"s or something. What Cueball does not count on is that there are no other license plates made up entirely of the letter I and the digit 1. Thus, when witnesses report a vehicle with a license plate of either/or I\'s and 1\'s, the police know exactly who the perpetrator is. \nGiven the fact that the police still haven\'t caught him even though they have his address written on a Post-it note in their car, it seems like they had already though of the same idea, and when Cueball registered such a license plate they put up the address in the police cars, as they expected him to begin committing crimes. He may already have committed more than one, but they would soon stop him before it turned into a crime spree.\nSomeone in New Hampshire appears to have done this in real life.\nThe title text appears to be a conversation between Cueball and the police the next day when they show up at his address. It turns out that the the police suspect Cueball of six bank robberies. Cueball responds that "all" he did was vandalize the library. But the police disregards this as a nice try to avoid being arrested because witnesses saw a his license plate with all 1\'s and I\'s was used.  Cueball does not understand this because he was with his car the entire time since he got the license plate. And just as he says this, he has an epiphany and states wait. OK, wow that was clever of her. It is thus clear that he suspects that Megan have made a false license plate also with only a combination of I\'s and 1\'s. And then she has robbed six banks knowing that the police would be sure to suspect Cueball, who was so foolish to show his criminal intent by registering such a plate in the first place. \nKnowing that the police will assume the car is his she has thus framed him. Hopefully for Cueball he can prove he was not involved in the robberies, but the polices certainty that they knew who the stupid guy was that committed the crimes, they may not have taken so much care in collecting evidence the first day of the crimes, and this will have given Megan time to run away with all the money, as no one was looking for her. So she may well have left the country with no one looking for a woman. This will make it more difficult for Cueball to avoid the blame.\nIt is clear that Megan would not be so stupid as to register another plate, because then they would know that there could be more than one criminal person. Also she would not have had time to get it, if the crime spree began soon after Cueball showed the plate to her. But if the fake plate makes people tell about the 1s and Is then the police would not ask further and maybe discover that the plate might have looked fake.\nNote the yellow police line seems to say Police strip do not cross, where  Police line do not cross seems to be the only sentence used normally (unless it is crime scene do not cross, but that also does not fit).(Of course, this could be a pun about the fact that this occurance is a comic strip.)\n\n