n\nChess is a centuries-old board game in which two players take turns moving one of their 16 pieces to try and checkmate the other player\'s king (one of the pieces). When one player is in a position to capture his or her opponent\'s king on their next move, and the opponent has no legal move available to avoid such capture, the opponent is said to be in "checkmate". This is considered to be the end of the game with a win for the first player; though chess etiquette suggests that a player facing inevitable checkmate ought to resign at that point.\nThe game, with origins around the 6th century, and with the modern rules being essentially set in the late 15th century, has a significant amount of history. The rules and traditions are well established. The knight is a piece that can only move in an L-shaped pattern (two squares in one direction, and one square perpendicular), but has the unique ability to jump over other pieces.\nThe comic highlights two mistakes players often make in chess: complete fixation on the king at the cost of their other pieces, and failure to take advantage of the knight\'s movement patterns. At the same time this is a jab at how people sometimes oversimplify an argument when confronted with a topic they are not familiar with. Previously this was depicted in 675: Revolutionary and 793: Physicists. See also the Dunning\xe2\x80\x93Kruger effect. The units in chess are widely agreed to be well-balanced, and Cueball\'s criticism of the knight shows an obvious lack of knowledge of the knight\'s potential.\nGiven the long history of chess, a significant amount of writing and research has been dedicated to the game and its strategies. This is inadvertently mocked by Cueball who naively suggests it would be trivial to make a list of all situations in which a piece would move backwards (called a "retreat" in chess). Such a list \xe2\x80\x94 at least a partial one \xe2\x80\x94 certainly does exist, as do lists of numerous other chess moves and situations.\nCueball\'s friend, a guy with knit cap (see the official transcript) proceeds to demonstrate Cueball\'s lack of knowledge by beating him in four moves, which typically would only occur when an experienced player plays a novice. The checkmate depicted is likely the scholar\'s mate and is one of the classic checkmates in chess.\nCueball, instead of admitting he underestimated the game, believes the failure is in the game itself. The title text indicates that Cueball attempted to suggest revisions to the rules of chess. Given that Cueball has no experience as a chess player, it is likely many of the changes are illogical or ridiculous. In the face of hundreds of years of history, it is not surprising that the chess community is ignoring them. The last major changes to the rules of chess occurred more than 400 years ago when, among other things, the pawn was given its two-space starting move and the queen was made into the most powerful piece (previously it was the weakest). The chess community\'s ties to the traditions of the game and their refusal to accept Cueball\'s suggestions are written off by Cueball as "emotional bias" suggesting his changes are logical, but that the community is letting their emotions cloud their rational decision making abilities.\nThe comic may also be a jab at competitive online games whose fans call for "buffs" (power additions) and "nerfs" (power reductions) to characters they believe to be underpowered or overpowered, often with inadequate knowledge of those characters. On the other hand, some online games and multiplayer computer games in general are unbalanced since they lack centuries of history to balance themselves, unlike chess.\nThe guy with the knit cap could either have been a man or a woman as from the drawing, but the official transcript calls him knit hat guy. In the two other cases (after this comic) were a person with hair have been shown with a knit cap it has been women. The first was Randall\'s wife after chemotherapy in 1141: Two Years and the second time it was Knit Cap Girl in 1350: Lorenz. Two Cueballs have also been shown using knit caps in 1321: Cold.\n\n