n\nDuring election season in U.S. presidential elections \xe2\x80\x94 and especially in election night coverage \xe2\x80\x94 it is common for the media to make comments like the ones set out in the first panel of this comic. Randall is demonstrating the problem with making such statements, many of which simply come down to coincidence.\nAfter the first panel the next 56 panels in this comic refer to each one of the 56 presidential elections in U.S. history before Obama\'s re-election in 2012. The panels depict a pre-election commentator noting a quality or condition that has never occurred to a candidate, until one of the candidates in that election broke the streak. In other words, one can always find at least one unique thing about a candidate who has gone on to win (or in some cases, lose) or the circumstances under which they won (or lost) that is unique from all previous winners (or losers). It\'s worth noting that some of these \'firsts\' were truly precedent-setting (such as the first incumbent losing, the first president to win a third term, the first Catholic president, etc.), but the fact that they hadn\'t happened was no assurance that there wouldn\'t be a first time.  As the years pass on, these \'streaks\' become more and more nested and complicated, and then brought by Randall to the point of absurdity by pointing out very trivial things, such as "No Democratic incumbent without combat experience has ever beaten someone whose first name is worth more in Scrabble" (1996).\nThe flaw made by pundits while reporting such streaks is that there will always be something that has never happened before in an election, and they purport to suggest that these things are related to the candidate\'s win or loss. Randall considers this a logical flaw. A common one is, as noted in several panels, candidates can\'t win without winning certain states. The question, however, is one of cause or effect.\nGiven that there have only been 56 elections, there are always going to be things that haven\'t happened before. If you go out looking for them, you\'re sure to find some. There is no magic about why these events haven\'t happened. In most cases, it is merely coincidence.\nIn the last two panels two more statements like the previous are given. They were both true before the election in 2012 on November the 6th. The comic came out in the middle of the campaign on October the 17th. The statements were constructed so that the first predicts that Obama can\'t win over Mitt Romney, and the second that he cannot lose. As Obama won the election he thus ended the streak Democratic incumbents never beat taller challengers whereas the other streak is still valid.\nThe title text refers to the fact that Twitter was founded in 2006. Obama won in 2008, so it is true that no white male person mentioned on Twitter has ever gone on to win the presidency; although certainly some former presidents, all of whom were white males, have subsequently been mentioned on Twitter.\nDuring these last four week before the election Randall posted no fewer than four comics related to this election. The others being: 1127: Congress, 1130: Poll Watching and 1131: Math.\n\n