n\nThis comic is an illustration (albeit to a comical degree) of the principle that given the appropriate vocabulary, any technical concept should be understandable to a lay audience. Since most of the jargon used in rocket science is not among the most commonly used words in everyday life, Randall has challenged himself to "translate" the blueprints for the Saturn Five rocket using only one thousand of the most commonly-used words in the English language.\nThis comic is a diagram of the Saturn V rocket, "Saturn" isn\'t a very common word apparently, and neither is rocket, so Randall decided to use "Up Goer" which is a fair approximation of a craft designed to lift a payload from the earth to space. The Saturn V vehicle, which was in use by NASA from 1967 to 1972, is the vehicle as a whole. The engines of the Saturn V (the part that makes it go up) were divided into three stages. The first stage (S-IC) had five F-1 engines which burned refined kerosene mixed with oxygen as its fuel. That stage burned for 2 minutes 48 seconds and pushed the whole thing up about 61 kilometers (~38 miles) into the sky. After it fell away the S-II stage was activated. It used 5 J-2 engines in the same configuration as the F-1s, and burned liquid hydrogen mixed with liquid oxygen for 6 minutes 35 seconds pushing the astronauts up to 184 kilometers (114.5 miles). The third stage (S-IVB) was a single J-2 engine burning liquid hydrogen and liquid oxygen. This stage was used in two parts, the first was to put the spacecraft into a stable orbit around Earth to perform a systems check and make sure the craft will be safe for going to the moon. This would usually take three orbits around Earth. As they came around the Earth they would burn the second part of the fuel, which is called a trans-lunar injection which put them on course for the moon. The first burn took 2 minutes 45 seconds, which put them in orbit 185 kilometers (115 miles) high.\nIt was first used as the launch vehicle for the Apollo 4 mission, and it was used as the launch vehicle for most of the subsequent Apollo missions (the exceptions being Apollo 7, Skylab 2-4, and the Apollo-Soyuz Test Project missions, which were launched using the smaller Saturn IB launch vehicle). One of the last missions of this design was the unmanned launch of Skylab, the U.S.\'s first space station; for this payloader configuration, the Saturn V launch vehicle was officially designated the Saturn INT-21.\nThe Service Module (SM) Oxygen tanks have a note that states "This part had a VERY big problem once". This is a reference to the Apollo 13 mission. 55 hours after launch, mission control requested the oxygen tanks contents be stirred to get an accurate reading of its contents. There was a large bang, and power fluctuated throughout the craft. NASA had to scramble to ensure the safe return of the astronauts. Needless to say, the moon landing for that mission was canceled.\nThe Hindenburg disaster is referenced in the text "The kind of air that once burned a big sky bag and people died and someone said "oh, the [humans]!". The term "big sky bag" is used as the closest approximation of zeppelin which is a big bag filled with a lighter-than-air gas which makes the whole contraption float. The phrase "oh, the [humans]" is a workaround the simple-words rule, technically containing only the word humans, while being read "concentration of humans" or "humanity". The Hindenburg on the day of the disaster was filled with hydrogen, despite being initially designed for use with helium. Helium cannot catch fire as it is a noble gas and thus completely inert, but helium was unavailable due to a US export ban on the element. The risks seemed acceptable at the time because the Germans had a history of flying hydrogen-based passenger airships. The original quote is "Oh, the humanity!" (See this video about the Hindenburg disaster - the quote appears at 0:47). In the book Thing Explainer in the explanation for The pieces everything is made of (i.e. the Periodic table) hydrogen is again "named" by using a picture of the burning Hindenburg and also this quote is said by Cueball standing next to the square with the element with his hands over his mouth. See more below regarding the book.\nThe bottom tank, which Randall describes as "...full of that stuff they burned in lights before houses had power" is highly refined kerosene, called RP-1, it is similar to jet fuel, burns well and is not likely to explode; unlike liquid hydrogen, which is much more likely to explode.\nEarlier flirts with simple words can be found in 547: Simple and 722: Computer Problems.  The use of simple words was revisited again in 1436: Orb Hammer.\nThe phrase "You will not go to space today" has become something of a catchphrase for xkcd \xe2\x80\x94 variants of it recur in the title text of images in four What If? articles:\n\nBuilding a jetpack out of AK-47s and converting the potential energy. Machine Gun Jetpack\nThe one about flying on other planets (the pilot does not want to go to space today.) Interplanetary Cessna\nLaunching into Earth orbit (if your rocket cannot hit the right "horizontal" speed, you will go to space today, and then you will quickly come back.) Orbital Speed\nThe Pyramid of Giza (the energy that made it is not nearly enough to launch a rocket into space; the title text has another reference to the comic, noting that the tip of the pyramid should point towards space.) Pyramid Energy\n\nRandall has in 2015 written an entire book with this type of simplified language blue prints. Thing Explainer was published by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt on November 24, 2015 and actually had a copy of this comic in it. On the day of the book\'s release Randall also released a comic with a game, to celebrate the book: 1608: Hoverboard. In this game the space capsule used for landing back on earth is shown, thus both referencing the book and this comic. This part of the space ship can also be seen in the book above the Sky toucher and the moon landing is also depicted in Worlds around the sun.\nThe news about the upcoming release of the book was sent out on the Blag in May as New book: Thing Explainer. After that, the book was advertised at the top of the xkcd page with link to the Blag article and links to Preorder at Amazon, Barnes &amp; Noble, Indie Bound, and Hudson. Also, there were two other news with links: "In other news, Space Weird Thing is delightful, and I feel surprisingly invested in @xkcdbracket\'s results." (The link was removed sometimes before Monday the 10th of August 2015. within two weeks of the brackets final result was revealed.)\nThe song Space Weird Thing is a tribute to David Bowie\'s Space Oddity rewritten in the simple language used in this comic, which is also attributed in the text about the YouTube video. The other news item is related to 1529: Bracket, see that comic for more details.\nThe title text may be a reference to Kerbal Space Program, where a big problem is mixing up the staging and deploying the parachute before launching.\n\n