n\nBeret Guy uses spider psychology (that he has obviously learned from the heavy volume of a book lying on the table with that title), to engineer a forked object in such a way that spiders will weave a silk shirt around it. After six weeks he can take the finished shirt off the "rack" and after removing some stray spiders it should be ready for use. \nUsually extracting spider silk is a complicated process and getting enough to weave a shirt would take very long (and be very expensive). But making such an impossible project work is a typical behavioral pattern for Beret Guy, who continues to do amazing things with nature etc.\nThe prefix arachno- means "(related to) spiders". Arachnology for example is the scientific study of spiders. Neurology is a branch of medicine dealing with disorders of the nervous system which include the brain. So the title of the comic can be translated into the scientific study of spider brains.\nThe title text mentions the book lying on the table, giving not only the title and the edition (21st). It also sums up some more (non-existent and increasingly far-fetched) fields of science related to spiders, which may as well exist if spider psychology has such a big standard work. Apart from adding the word forensic in one case, all five fields come from combining only the same two words "arachno" and "neuro" (sometimes one of them more than once) and ending any combination with "-ology". Especially funny is the neuro-arachnoneurology which is explained to be the field where it is the brains of the scientist, who study spiders brains, that are examined. The last one seems to be related to arachnophobia, the fear of spiders, as arachnoarachnology is spiders with spiders on top - i.e. too many spiders.\nArachnophobia seems to be a problem for Randall himself, according to the What if? Spiders vs. the Sun. In this he links to an article about a factory that was covered in plenty enough spider web silk to make shirts to a whole regiment of soldiers...\nThis is the first comic with special mentioning of a science related directly to spiders, the next was 1747: Spider Paleontology.\n\n