n\nThe point of this comic is that often, curious children ask their parents simple questions about understanding how the world works.  Often, although the question is simple, the answer is not.  "Why is the sky blue?" is a common example, since most parents are not familiar with Rayleigh scattering, and thus are unable to answer the question.\nRandall\'s hobby is to make those questions even harder, in order to stump the (scientist) parents and make them uncomfortable.\nAnother point of this comic is that we often think that we understand a scientific phenomenon (e.g. why is the sky blue?); however, a certain simple question (e.g. why isn\'t the sky violet?) can often uncover large gaps in our actual understanding.\nRayleigh scattering is the phenomenon that explains the color of the sky, where light of every wavelength gets scattered in the air by the inverse quartic (fourth power) of its wavelength as given in the comic. In the visible spectrum, blue light has a wavelength of 450\xe2\x80\x93495&#160;nm while violet has a shorter wavelength of 380\xe2\x80\x93450&#160;nm. Violet light does indeed get scattered more than blue light, however the lower portion of the spectrum for sunlight consists of blue light and eyes are much more sensitive to blue light than violet light. This leaves the impression of a blue sky. A good explanation, including why blue and not violet, can be found in Usenet Physics FAQ&#160;:: Why is the sky blue?, but note that human color perception is more complicated than described there.\nThe title text refers to a mirror image, and is discussed by the famous American theoretical physicist Richard Feynman in a famous BBC documentary [1], as one of the problems which he used to have fun with first years (British English for first year student or freshman).\nA mirror image is a virtual image produced by the reflection of light on a mirror. In the mirror image, only front and back are switched around \xe2\x80\x94 like a printing press or a rubber stamp. Left and right are still left and right in an absolute reference frame \xe2\x80\x94 wave your left arm in front of the mirror and the "mirror person" also waves the arm on the left side. It is only when using "personal" reference frame \xe2\x80\x94tied to the individual\xe2\x80\x94 that we can say that the "mirror person" is moving their right arm. The apparent inversion comes from the fact that the mind projects itself onto the person in the mirror.\nTo help understand why this effect happens, imagine that you are holding a sign which says "MIX" and facing a mirror. Initially, you face the sign towards you. The M is on the left and the X on the right. Now, you turn the sign around so that the sign faces the mirror. Now, even without paying any attention to the mirror, simply because you have turned it around, now the M is on the right and the X is on the left and if you could see through the back of the sign, it would say "XIM" from your perspective. When you look at it in the mirror, you are now able to see that orientation and it appears to read "XIM". If instead of turning the sign around horizontally to look at it in the mirror, you flipped it vertically and looked at it in the mirror, it would appear to say "WIX" in the mirror. Thus the mirror is only revealing how the text is oriented relative to your eyes. Or, to put it more succinctly: mirrors don\'t reverse left to right, turning around does. Mirrors reverse along whatever direction is perpendicular to the plane of the mirror. You can induce a mirror to reverse left and right only --- by standing next to it instead of in front of it, facing along the plane of the mirror itself. If you lift your right arm, you can clearly see your image\'s left arm raising, without having to adjust for frame of reference. Similarly, you can induce a mirror to reverse top and bottom only by holding it flat above your head or laying it flat on the ground and standing on it (or perhaps standing under a suitably equipped bedroom ceiling).\n\n