n\nAs indicated by the title, this comic is an allegory for a controversy over Instagram, a photo-sharing social network now owned by Facebook. In December 2012, Instagram changed their terms of use, allowing the network to sell user-uploaded images, without profit to the content generators. This infuriated many users, who closed their accounts or stopped uploading images.\nIn the comic Cueball tells his Cueball-like friend about his problem with Chad, who just send him a note telling him that he no longer wants to store all this stuff that Cueball has left in his garage. Cueball left it there because Chad has nice shelves and lets him in to see his stuff whenever he wishes, so that was really convenient.\nChad\'s note tells Cueball that he has a month to move his shit - after that he will try to get rid of it by selling it on Craigslist. This is a website where individuals can contact others interested in buying or selling goods. As a verb, it means to sell something on Craigslist. (FYI is an abbreviation of  For Your Information). \nCueball is outraged, as this is not way to run a storage business. But when his friend asks him if he paid anything for this "storage business" it turns out that he did not. The friend then concludes that it is not a storage business. \nThis is exactly the problem with Instagram (or its users). A user does not pay anything, but to create an account you have to sign a terms of service/end user license agreement. A user has thus effectively signed their consent to whatever Instagram has written. Instagram can then change these terms if they give a forewarning (as Chad has done here). Unfortunately, most users don\'t read the terms before clicking the "I agree" option, so it can come as a shock when Instagram uses the data in a way the user hadn\'t anticipated. \nInstead of getting angry Cueball should thus just go and remove his stuff, but instead he is just going to almost (but not quite) stop giving Chad any more stuff. \nThis is also making fun of those Instagram users that complain about the new way of using their data, but at the same time keep uploading more pictures. The users have often developed a kind of addiction, so they cannot just stop sharing their life (in pictures).\nIn the title text Cueball continues with an idea of calling the cops. He thinks that Chad is a thief. He thus ignores that he left the stuff at Chad\'s house of his own accord. And after Chad has been arrested (which will of course never happen) he wishes to move all his stuff to another house, just to continue to get free storage. \nThere are two major flaws in this logic - and it is the same with the logic of the disgruntled Instagram users. You cannot accuse Instagram of stealing because it was you who gave them the images in the first place, and it is irresponsible to assume that this will not happen if you give your photos to another social networking company (like Facebook).\nThese kind of issues (with Facebook as the evildoer) are also the subject of 743: Infrastructures and 1390: Research Ethics.\n\n