n\nThe comic shows a seven segment display (aka calculator-style numbers) with a countdown. Black Hat explains that it is a countdown, maybe to a supervolcano eruption. However, an unfortunately placed picture blocks view of the full display. Due to the form of a seven-segment display, the first digit could be 0, 6, or 8, and five digits are completely blocked by the picture. Cueball is worried and ask him to move the picture, but Black Hat lazily or teasingly refuses to move it. \nHe has already teased that he doesn\'t know what the countdown is for. His reply can either be understood as if he do not know which one of the (seven potential) supervolcanos it is counting down to, or to which other cataclysmic event it is a countdown for (such as a meteor strike or global nuclear war for instance - it could also just be a general Doomsday Clock). Since it seems to be Black Hat\'s countdown, it is safe to assume that he knows both what it counts down to and when it stops, but he just likes to mess with peoples\' minds.\nThe fully visible part starts at 2409, and based on the pace of the scene, it seems to be in seconds. Thus, it is unclear when the eruption might occur. If the obscured digits are all 0s, it could be as soon as 40 minutes. On the other hand, if the obscured digits are \'899 999\', there\'s another 2.85 million years to go; if they are \'000 001\', we have a little more than 3 years.\nThe choice of the picture is probably also interesting. The image is distorted enough that you can imagine it as being two very different images. \n\nIt could depict a setting sun either reflecting in an ocean or with a river (possible also a lake) running out of the picture. But if it is a sun it is not very circular, although there do appear lines to indicate it is shining. This could maybe be explained with atmospheric interference.\nAlternatively it depicts an exploding volcano, a mountain with lines away from it to indicate the explosion or the eruption. And then it is lava flowing away from it or collecting in lakes.\n\nIn either case it makes sense, so maybe this is on purpose. If it is a volcano, the supervolcano clock makes sense. On the other hand, we are talking about the possible end of the world as we know it, and for this kind of theme a sun setting upon humanity would be a great metaphor.\nThe title text: "For all we know, the odds are in our favor" could imply the assumption that since we can\'t see the digits behind the picture, we can treat them as random. If so, chances are only 1 in 300 000 they are all zeros. However, because of statistical principles such as Benford\'s law, the digits are not entirely random, and the odds are higher than 1/299 999 for all the digits to be zero, since the middle 4 digits are zero. The title text might also be a reference to The Hunger Games trilogy, with a common phrase in the series being, "May the odds be ever in your favor." The first movie in the series came out about a year before this comic was released. Finally, the "odds" could refer to odd numbers, meaning that if the hidden digits form an odd number (hence being non-zero), everything will be fine.\nIn an alternative view, the strip is not about pondering at distributions of digits on an oracle countdown. It\'s more of a grim view of our natural disasters prediction capabilities. As they say \xe2\x80\x93 the question is not if it will happen but when it will happen. "Move the picture" would mean investing into research and warning systems - that would correspond to shifting the picture to the left. Disregard the 40 minutes - think of it as arbitrary interval of interests, minuscule as we folks have them, say - one\'s lifetime; or grimmer yet - some term of office. Because, hey, year after year passes and no apocalypse has been observed - the empirical odds are low indeed. An interesting question is what we would use the knowledge of the timing of our impending doom, if it is an event we can do nothing about, such as stopping a supervolcanic eruption or a large asteroid with direct impact course on Earth. Would we not have lives more happily for our remaining years, how few that might be, while not knowing... On the other hand, if the event is something we might prevent given enough time to plan (and the funding resources such knowledge would ensure), then it may have saved us, if we moved the picture just in time!\nUsing a countdown theme for comic #1159 could be a subtle joke, as 11:59/23:59 is one minute to midnight (on the Doomsday clock!)\nSupervolcanos was also referenced in the title text of 1053: Ten Thousand and it is the subject of in 1611: Baking Soda and Vinegar.\n\n