n\nAspect ratio is the relationship between the width and height of the image (and in this case, a video) and is denoted in a ratio of &lt;width&gt;:&lt;height&gt; - usually either in lowest common denominator, or with a decimal width to a height of "1". Up until the 1990s, all televisions and most computer monitors (CRT tube and LCD) were in the standard 4:3 aspect ratio, called "fullscreen" (meaning the width is 4/3 or 1.33... times the height). When HDTV was developed, the standard for television screens changed to 16:9 (width being 16/9 or 1.77... times the height), called "widescreen" (although widescreen can also refer to a number of even wider ratios used in feature films). Computer monitors are now available in widescreen ratios, though fullscreen remains common as well.\nLetterboxing is a process whereby an image which does not fully fill a screen is expanded to fill the screen by the addition of further material (mattes). Usually this is done with the addition of black bars in the empty space. One example of why this was necessary was widescreen films on VHS cassette. VHS could only record and play back 4:3 images. Thus, in order to display a widescreen film, the rest of the VHS\'s 4:3 image had to be filled with horizontal black bars at the top and bottom of the image. Those bars were part of the video information recorded on the cassette.\nWhen DVDs were introduced, many DVDs also had letterbox bars on the DVD\'s full screen image. With the increased popularity of widescreen televisions, DVD players were improved to offer anamorphic widescreen, in which the full widescreen image is horizontally rescaled (shrunk) into a 4:3 size, which the player then was able to display stretched horizontally back to the proper widescreen aspect.\nWith the advent of Blu-ray, video is generally encoded in whatever its proper aspect ratio is intended to be, and the player itself is left to appropriately matte the image.\nThe problem with letterboxed video (such as a 16:9 video letterboxed for 4:3) is that if one tries to watch the video on a 16:9 widescreen, where the image should fill the whole screen, instead the 4:3 letterboxed image fills part of the screen with further vertical mattes on the left and right of the image, thus producing an image much smaller than it needs to be, with mattes on all four sides. Some TVs or media players can zoom to help resolve the issue, although the video resolution usually suffers. By encoding only the video itself and allowing the player to do the matting, the video can be seen as large as possible on any given screen.\nAnimorphs is a late-90\'s to early-00\'s young adult book series about shape-shifting teens who turn into animals to fight body-snatching aliens. Sony held the rights to create a film, but never made use of them, beyond creating URLs for a proposed movie on December 11, 2012.\nIn this comic, Randall appears to be complaining about the issue of widescreen videos which have been rescaled to 4:3 by adding mattes to the top and bottom and uploaded on sites like YouTube. He is probably annoyed by the fact that on his widescreen monitor, TV or mobile device, the video (as noted above) does not fill the screen because of the letterboxing. In some cases, uploaders also take video and rescale it to the point where the image is improperly compressed horizontally or vertically, even without letterboxing. This is more akin to the car crushing Randall depicts in the comic.\nA note is that, if someone managed to "expand" the car, the car would not be "un-crushed" and probably even weakened even more, referencing the bigger damage done when letterboxed video is attempted to be "expanded" to its original ratio, distorting the video quality.\n\n