n\nThis comic was probably a reaction to the installation service Ninite removing Adobe Flash Player from their free version the previous day. Flash removed from Ninite\nThe comic makes fun of Adobe Systems software that delivers new versions of Adobe products to users\' computers, such as Adobe Updater (which replaced Adobe Update Manager) and Adobe Download Manager (from Akamai). These software increments might either be technical (to fix compatibility or security issues), or they might add new features that would go unnoticed. In addition, these updates are downloaded automatically by default, but the operating system might install them only if a user allows it to. The frequency of software changes (and changes in the way Adobe allows users to download new software) could result in confused users.\nThere is an actual message that a specific version of these updaters display:\n\nThe Adobe Updater must update itself before it can check forupdates. Would you like to update the Adobe Updater now?\n\nIn fact, the general necessity of such update managers has often been questioned, as they require the user to "download software in order to download other software". Other notable examples of companies who use update managers include Google and Sun/Oracle, with the latter being also mentioned in the title text.\nThe two buttons \'OK\' and \'Download\' are implied to have the same effect, indicating the user has no real choice. Or, alternatively, \'OK\' may simply just close the dialog without taking any action, as that is common in informational popups in many pieces of software. In that case, the placement of the \'OK\' button implies that it is the default action, meaning most users will just ignore the update. Given the extreme frequency and perceived lack of changes (to your average end user), this anecdotally seems to be what most people do. Statistics for the high rate of un-patched systems in the wild support the anecdotal evidence.\nThe language of the message also plays with repeated up and down, as in "there is an update for the Adobe download manager..." to give the whole process a feel of preposterousness verging on Carrollian literary nonsense.\nThe title text also suggests that using update helper software which in turn must be updated bears the risk of creating a dependency hell.  The "version 21.1.2 of the Oracle..." may refer to the Rush suite 2112, where moment V is titled Oracle and contains the lyrics "I stand atop a spiral stair, An oracle confronts me there."\n\n