n\nHairy walks up to Black Hat, utters a nonsense phrase and them proclaims that he is "so random". This is a reference to a modern phenomenon in which people make "random" statements, and somehow imagine themselves to be funny and interesting because of this. Black Hat, never one to hesitate over bringing someone down hard, replies that he is also random, proving this by pouring forth a torrential stream of numbers that nearly overcomes poor Hairy. Black Hat then resumes his posture at the computer, as if nothing has happened.\nIt is true that when brilliant and creative people speak passionately about a subject, they can make mental leaps and changes of context that might seem bewildering to an outsider. The conversation may even seem to be "random". However, simply vocalizing nonsense is not analogous, or even desirable; it is more likely a character trait of someone who has difficulty in following or adding to a normal human conversation.\nBlack Hat\'s "random" numbers are actually quoted from the first lines of A Million Random Digits with 100,000 Normal Deviates making it both "officially random", but also essentially not. See also: 221: Random Number.\nA side note is that "Monkey tacos" is a phrase which contains two trochees. A trochee is a metric foot with one stressed beat and one unstressed beat; it may be a reference to or an unconscious allusion to 856: Trochee Fixation.\nThe title text elaborates on "random text", stating that he once would have believed that Hairy\'s random outbursts made him interesting despite the definition of "interesting" meaning the opposite. White noise is essentially random sounds waves which taken en masse blend into audio static essentially taking on a macroscopically uniform sound experience despite their random nature. This can be used in some sleep or relaxation therapies, which foils well with the random assault experienced in the comic. There are also other colors of noise, and yes, people have strong opinions as to which one is better.\n\n