n\nNomenclature can be defined as the devising or choosing of names for things. Here Randall connects three pop culture references that each contain one or more instances of ambiguous nomenclature based on pronouns: the "Who\'s on First?" skit, the "Doctor Who" television series, and in the title text also the novel "A Wrinkle in Time" by Madeleine L\'Engle.\nThe comic references the famous "Who\'s on First?" skit by the American comedy duo Abbott and Costello in the 1930s. This video is one of the original performances. Costello is the shorter character, with a round brimmed hat and baseball bat, while Abbott is taller and wearing a baseball cap. This reflects the most common image associated with the skit. In the routine, Costello is confused by the nicknames the ball players go by. The man playing first base goes by the name "Who", the man on second base goes by "What", and the one on third calls himself "I Don\'t Know". Costello asks "Who\'s on first?", inquiring the name of the first-baseman, and Abbott replies "that\'s right", affirming that the first-baseman\'s name is Who. Both parties become confused within a matter of seconds.\nThe Doctor from the long-running British television series Doctor Who is often referred to as "Doctor Who" by people who think the series\' name and his name are the same (although it should be noted that the name "Doctor Who" is not entirely incorrect; the character was referred to as such in the end credits for several seasons). In-universe, he often introduces himself as "The Doctor" which elicits the response "Doctor who?". His response to this question is "Just \'The Doctor\'". Megan (or according to the original transcript, Mrs. Whatsit) appears to have interrupted the "Who\'s on First?" skit to clarify the confusion that the guy on first is not called "Who", but just "The Doctor".\nThe title text references the Madeleine L\'Engle novel A Wrinkle in Time, which has characters with similarly ambiguous names. The book\'s Mrs. Whatsit appears to be on second base. "Aunt Beast" is a minor character in the novel from the planet of Ixchel.\nAnd they are playing a real baseball game. "Aunt Beast" is the batter and hits a pop fly high in the air towards second base while "Mrs. Whatsit" (presumably playing second base, in place of "What") is being encouraged to dive to catch the ball before it hits the ground, to get the batter out. So both the players "Who" and "What" have been exchanged with other characters going under similar names.\n\n