n\nThe comic shows the ice levels at major North American cities at the peak of the last ice age, 21,000 years ago. During this period, a vast amount of frozen water covered North America as well as other areas around the world. So much ice that it affected the global sea level (see Sea level rise) to lower it by more than a hundred meters.\nToronto and Montreal are both Canadian cities, while Boston and Chicago are in the United States. The skylines of each city are shown at the bottom of the ice sheet to scale. The tallest structure shown is the CN Tower in Toronto, the tallest free-standing structure in the Western Hemisphere, at a height of 553 m. The tallest ice sheet is 3.3 km tall, almost six time higher than that tower. Although over Toronto the ice was "only" 2.1 km tall\nThe tallest ice sheet takes up 265 pixel so each pixel is about 12.4 meters and the hight of the panels is 3.7 km with less than 200 m of the ground shown in black below the cities making the white "air" above ground reaching up to 3.5 km, leaving only 200 m of air above the highest ice sheet.\nThe title text references the "The Laurentide and Innuitian ice sheets during the Last Glacial Maximum (PDF)," an actual series of scientific papers about the ice sheet (see figure 4). But it also refers to the animated Ice Age film series, specifically to Ice Age: the Meltdown, and Ice Age: Continental Drift which are the second and fourth Ice Age film. Many agree that the first film/book in a series is better than its sequel(s).\nIce sheets over Boston during the last ice age was also referenced in 1379: 4.5 Degrees. The image of Boston in this comic is reused at the top of the huge chart in 1732: Earth Temperature Timeline, and had already been reused earlier in the what if? post Google\'s Datacenters on Punch Cards. Randall lives in that area.\nAlthough this comic doesn\'t mention (modern) climate change, it does show the difference climate can have on our surroundings. And in the two later comics mentioned above, Randall makes it clear that we are now heading as far in the opposite hotter direction compared to the "normal" temperature during the rise of human civilization, as the ice age temperature was colder.\n\n