n\nThe debate as to whether or not the pace of modern life is detrimental to society, culture, and the human experience in general has been going on for longer than we may realize. Presently, the debate has focused on technology such as smartphones, tablets, and other portable electronics; however, many of the same arguments were made against newspapers, magazines, telegraphs, telephones, and even written correspondence 100 years ago.\nPeople often tend to think of older times as better. The people complaining compare their present time to the time they lived in before, that is, a couple of decades ago, and this has been happening for over a century (at least). This comic makes a point that the older times people refer to, were also criticized in exactly the same fashion. Since the same criticism is applied to each generation by the generation before that one, every generation thinks that the one they were born in is the good one. This is presentism as explained by Randall in 24: Godel, Escher, Kurt Halsey. \nThe comic begins and ends with very similar arguments, perhaps emphasizing how these debates cycle and repeat over time. The comic does not directly state whether these opinions and criticisms were justified or simple fallacies. There is a desire to consider our present existence as good and reasonable and that society has been improving over time. The difficulty lies in considering the possibility that each generation was perhaps correct in their criticism.\nOn reading all of these quotes, one may find these quotes redundant and tiresome to read.  Readers may find themselves skimming the text and skipping several quotes once they get the overall idea.  This could be a self-referential point demonstrating that the writing style of older times was less convenient than the oft-criticized brief modern style.\nSome parts of all that long texts are in bold, others not. Here is the summary for only this bold text, picturing just our Modern World:\n\nThe art of letter-writing is fast dying out. We fire off a multitude of rapid and short notes, instead of sitting down to have a good talk over a real sheet of paper.\nIn olden times it was different. Men now live think and work at express speed. Sulkily read as they travel leaving them no time to talk with the friend who may share the compartment with them.\nThe age of leisure is dead, and the art of conversation is dying. A craving for literary nips. There never was an age in which so many people were able to write badly.\nThe art of pure line engraving is dying out. We live at too fast a rate nothing is left to the imagination and human faculty dwindle away amid the million inventions that have been introduced to render its exercise unnecessary.\nThirty pages is now too much. Fifteen pages further condensed a summary of the summary.\nThose who are dipping into so many subjects and gathering information in a summary and superficial form lose the habit of settling down to great works.\nHurried reading can never be good reading. Mental and nervous degeneration among a growing class of people, a brain incapable of normal working in a large measure due to the hurry and excitement of modern life, almost instantaneous communication between remote points of the globe.\nTeach the children how to play instead of shutting them in badly ventilated schoolrooms, increased demand made by the conditions of modern life upon the brain.\nWe talk across a continent, telegraph across an ocean, we take even our pleasures sadly and make a task of our play.\nThe managers of sensational newspapers create perverted tastes and develop vicious tendencies.\nTo take sufficient time for our meals seems frequently impossible, may I be permitted to say a word in favour of a very worthy and valuable old friend of mine, Mr. Long walk? I am afraid that this good gentleman is in danger of getting neglected, if not forgotten.\nPeople talk as they ride bicycles\xe2\x80\x93at a rush\xe2\x80\x93without pausing to consider their surroundings the profession of letters is so little understood, tendency among the children of today to rebel against restraint. Our modern family gathering, silent, each individual with his head buried in his favourite magazine, deal openly with situations which no person would have dared to mention in general society forty years ago.\nA hundred years ago it took so long and cost so much to send a letter that it seemed worth while to put some time and thought into writing it. A brief letter to-day may be followed by another next week\xe2\x80\x93a "line" now by another to-morrow.\n\nThe style of the comic is very similar to that of 1311: 2014, which was released a year and a half earlier.\nThe title text shows that the meaning of the institute of marriage debate has likewise been going on for quite some time.\n\n