n\nThis comic plays with the fact that quantum mechanics is a very complex subject that is frequently misapplied by laymen. Many of the phenomena studied in quantum mechanics are counter to common sense and can only be expressed in complex mathematics. Yet, since the field is fundamental to our understanding of reality, it is commonly cited to support broad sweeping philosophical generalizations.\nThe phrase "according to quantum mechanics" betrays that the speaker does not know very much about the subject. To a physicist, it is almost as vague as "according to physics". Somebody who understands the subject would use a more precise term such as "according to the uncertainty principle" or "according to a paper by such-and-such."\nCueball explains to Ponytail that dogs must have souls. This would be against the concept of most of the large monotheistic religions where only humans have been created in the image of God and thus only they have souls. But many dog owners would like to believe that their dog can follow them into heaven (which requires that they have a soul).\nCueball, however, uses quantum mechanics as an argument even though quantum mechanics is only applicable on the atomic scale and not on macroscopic objects like animals. But it\'s a reference to the concept of an \'observer\' in quantum physics, as well as theories about the collapse of wave functions. However the vast majority of people do not have a sufficient understanding of quantum mechanics to judge if his statement is correct. Nevertheless, Randall\'s message is, you don\'t need to understand quantum mechanics to judge the statement. No matter what the sentence is, it is almost certainly incorrect, so "you can safely ignore" it. \nThe title text refers to specifically scientific statements that include "quantum mechanics". If "quantum mechanics" is the most complicated term in the sentence, then the speaker probably do not know what he or she is talking about. If a scientist is correctly applying quantum mechanics, he or she will use more specific (and hence more complicated) language.\n\n