n\nCueball is relating some odd news items to Black Hat. A structure has been discovered that consists of large ring strung with superstrong mesh, a 260-mile long pole (420 km), and a gigantic winch. As Cueball outlines the particulars of the discovery, Black Hat responds vaguely to each detail, seeming preoccupied with his computer. Cueball quickly realizes that the pole, ring and net combination sounds like a butterfly net, but one of immense size. Given Black Hat\'s history of nefarious activities, Cueball infers and then accuses Black Hat of wanting to "catch" the International Space Station, which orbits about 260 miles above the earth, by winching the pole up so that the net aligns with the Space Station\'s orbit.\nBlack Hat does not deny the charge, but he dissimulates by saying it is not necessarily the ISS that he intends to catch just an international space station, implying that it could be some other one. However, it is transparently obvious which space station he is targeting. Hint: it is the only truly international space station, it is actually called the International Space Station, and it has an orbit that matches the length of the pole that was found.\nThe real buildings may belong to these structures:\n\nThe giant ring from the first panel may be an allusion to the Tevatron, a former circular particle accelerator at the Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory (Fermilab), east of Batavia, near Chicago, Illinois. It is a 6.86 km (4.26 miles) long ring, giving it a diameter of almost 2,2 km (1.4 miles) leaving plenty of room to catch the ISS which is "only" 108.5 m (356 ft) in the longest direction.\nSimilarly, the gigantic winch in St. Louis, may refer to the 630-foot (192 meters) high Gateway Arch monument. It is the tallest man-made monument in the United States. \nEven the rough south-north direction of this building does match to this scenario because the Fermilab is approx. 240 miles north of St. Louis. However, it is an arch, not a winch.&#91;citation needed&#93;\n\n\nThe title text is a reference to how butterfly collections are usually presented. The insects are mounted in glass display cases, each skewered through the body with a pin, and labeled. The text is spoken by Black Hat, who again tries to imply that he is not to blame, as it may not be his collection of satellites. Perhaps he is just catching a space station for a friend.\n\n