n\nThe Pale Blue Dot is a picture of the Earth taken in 1990 by the Voyager 1 space probe at a distance about 6 billion kilometers (3.7 billion miles). It was part of the Family Portrait, a series of images of the entire Solar System from beyond it.\nThe picture was taken at the request of Carl Sagan, a well known space scientist at that time. In 1994 Sagan wrote the book "Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space" inspired by this picture. In the book, Sagan waxed eloquent about the picture in a widely quoted passage. The complete passage can be found in Wikiquote, and you can hear Carl Sagan himself reciting it in this YouTube video.\nCueball quotes from a condensed version of this passage until he is interrupted by several Hecklers who begins  an argument over which speck in the picture is actually the Earth. When Cueball cries out in exasperation that it doesn\'t matter, then the entire authenticity of the image is called into question. This pokes fun at the fact that the Pale Blue Dot picture has very little visual attractiveness, apart from the intellectual interest relying on the viewer\'s knowledge that the central speck is actually our home planet seen from a great distance.\nThe first two sentences of the title text are also a quotation from Sagan\'s paean to the Pale Blue Dot picture, but then the text veers humorously into non-scientific mysticism that starkly contrasts with the attitude and intent of the original work.\nThe title text evokes Cosmicism, a philosophy developed and exemplified by the fictional Cthulhu Mythos. This Mythos is expounded in fantasy/horror works of H.P. Lovecraft and, later, August Derleth, and features a cosmology in which humanity is depicted as inconsequential within a greater existence that is unknowable and frightening. Cosmicism asserts that humanity is doomed to destruction through the workings of vastly more powerful supernatural forces beyond our understanding. There are many instances in the fiction of H.P. Lovecraft of factions that embrace the destruction of humanity and actively work towards bringing about that end through the invocation of the unknowable and powerful forces that supporters of Cosmicism believe surround everything.\nThe text also references Ba\'al, originally a Semitic deity that has been since associated with demonic or otherwise evil forces. The name Ba\'al, and other variants of the same, has been included in many other fictional works often as a villain or antagonist. For example, the fictional System Lord Ba\'al from the television show Stargate. The title text supplants all of the supernatural forces associated with Cosmicism in the works of other authors with Ba\'al. The speaker in the title text is acting as a Cosmicist and is calling on the United States Congress to which he is speaking to fund the space exploration program as a means to join with Ba\'al, the Eater of souls. The fact that a Ba\'al cultist would be speaking in front of Congress in such a manner is absurd and thus hilarious.\nBa\'al, the Eater of Souls has been mentioned later in 1419: On the Phone and 1638: Backslashes.\n\n