n\nRandall is musing that even such a popular film as Star Wars will likely one day be forgotten. The comic ponders how long that may take to occur.\n"May the Force be with you" is one of the many famous phrases from the Star Wars movies. Star Wars has become popular enough to remain part of today\'s popular culture almost forty years since its initial release, and the source and meaning of the quote is commonly recognized. This comic suggests that eventually even the enormously popular Star Wars will fade into obscurity \xe2\x80\x94 by which time, ironically, Star Wars-like hovercraft will have been invented.\nIt is not uncommon for once-popular sayings to lose popularity and come into disuse; particularly when the sayings are sourced from a pop-culture reference such as a book or film. In fact, there are entire books dedicated to such topics. Each generation generally develops its own pop culture references which frequently become unrecognized to the next generation. Only a handful of pop-culture quotes tend to survive for decades. For example, the phrase "Sit on it", coined by the creators of "Happy Days" as a TV-friendly but derogatory-sounding comeback for the character Fonzie. The phrase was very popular during the show\'s 1970s-80s heyday, but today is far less recognizable to those born after that era, and is not commonly referenced today.\nThe title text indicates that the characters will write off the phrase as a saying from the "old country" (the foreign country or place where one\'s ancestors emigrated from). This is a play on the fact that ubiquitous film and TV quotes have not been around long enough for society to generally forget their origins, and the most common source for unfamiliar sayings in today\'s world are sayings from other countries where one\'s ancestors originated. The use of the expression in this comic implies that the speaker has no idea about the origins of the phrase. To him it might be a translation of a foreign expression, or from a long left-behind homeland.\nA similar topic was addressed in 493: Actuarial, with Black Hat predicting when the last of the original Star Wars cast would die, and in 1093: Forget, predicting when the release of The Return of the Jedi would be forgotten. Also, 794: Inside Joke is about how much pop culture of centuries past has been forgotten.\n\n