n\nAccording to the title, the comic is about opinions on internet privacy in general. Six positions are offered as options. Four of the positions are tagged negatively by the author by their subtitles alone: the Crypto Nut, the Conspiracist, the Nihilist, and the Exhibitionist, all of which have negative valences in contemporary English. That the viewer is encouraged to identify negatively with these four positions is further encouraged by the content of the panels, as those characters are depicted either as having such boring lives that they have no need for privacy (the Crypto Nut, the Nihilist), or as being crazy (the Conspiracist, the Exhibitionist).\nA fifth position, the Philosopher, is tagged somewhat ambivalently by the author: Megan, or possibly a look-alike, is depicted as boring her interlocutor, yet in the title text, the author admits that he is usually the Philosopher. Also, "Philosopher" in vernacular English is neutrally valenced, potentially having the ability to expound either wisdom (sophia) or sophistry. It is also a synonym for Sage, the sixth position. As the author condones his own movement from Philosopher to Sage, he thus indicates that the Philosopher is to be viewed negatively, even if it is a tempting position to hold.\nThe title of the sixth position, the "Sage", is positively valenced in contemporary English, and the author in the title text states that once he obtains a "burrito" \xe2\x80\x93 i.e., a "real" thing, he switches from the Philosopher to the Sage. The internal evidence presented thus far therefore is entirely consistent; the author encourages the reader to identify with the Sage. However, the choice of Beret Guy to represent the Sage undercuts this somewhat as Beret Guy is frequently seen as bizarrely disconnected from reality in a way that is maladaptive (e.g. 1030: Keyed) and overly obsessed with food to the point of creating trouble and potential self-harm (e.g. 452: Mission).\nBy presenting five negatively tagged positions followed by a positively tagged sixth and final one, the author follows a rhetorical commonplace of listing and refuting a number of positions one by one, concluding with the favored and best one, which is not refuted and should be accepted both on its own merits and by virtue of being the last one standing. The comic therefore implies that no other (significant) positions exist.\nHaving completed the rhetorical analysis of the comic, we are now in a position to understand the meaning of "Internet Privacy".\nPanels #3 and 5 directly reference the American NSA. Panel #5\'s "exhibitionist" also references Google, but the characters in the panel appear to be NSA agents (one wears an official cap and they are viewing the exhibitionist on an official, government-looking monitor). Likewise, the focus of the "Nihilist" is that the joke is on the people who gather the data, rather than those who are subsequently able to make use of it (such as Facebook\'s users rather than "Facebook" itself; i.e., Facebook\'s employees and, by extension, its advertisers). The content of the actual data is only mentioned in panels #2, 4, and 5, and in each panel, it is suggested that it is meaningless or trivial. The Sage underscores the notion that any data known about him does not bother him, and therefore must be meaningless or trivial. The reader is thus encouraged to believe that it does not actually matter whether others discover personal data about him/her.\nThe comic is therefore what social theorists call reductive, because it reduces the range of possibilities of "Opinions on Internet Privacy" to an artificially and simplistically narrow subset; in this case, individuals concerned with government or corporate agencies using data that they have gathered on individuals, and the futility of worrying about such things. The comic does not admit the possibility of other "opinions on internet privacy" \xe2\x80\x93 namely, that individuals might have legitimate concerns with governmental or corporate uses of their data, let alone other individuals\' access to data that is assembled and distributed by corporations such as Facebook. The comic likewise does not consider the possibility of individuals having more interesting lives than the characters depicted, and therefore very real concerns about their privacy due to the activities that they engage in that are potentially more career limiting (should they be discovered) than obsessing about cryptography or eating a burrito.\nThe comic is "functionally" reductive, as opposed to "intentionally" reductive, because the reduction is the function or effect of the comic for readers who read it straightforwardly. There is not enough internal evidence in the comic to maintain that the author intentionally excluded other viable opinions on internet privacy; it could be that they are just not on his radar. For example, we do not have enough information in the comic to claim that the author is against civil rights; it could be simply that he doesn\'t often think about them. Likewise, it would exceed the evidence of the comic to claim that the author believes that schoolteachers who use the internet to facilitate legal but frowned-upon sexual behaviors should lose their jobs if they are found out due to internet privacy breaches; it could be that the author simply hasn\'t bothered to worry about these matters if they don\'t affect him personally. This adjudication \xe2\x80\x93 whether the comic is "intentionally" reductive or not \xe2\x80\x93 may only be made on the basis of external evidence; that is, data known about the author from sources beyond this comic.\nAn alternative interpretation of the title text is that it is not Randall speaking his own opinion, but instead represents Beret Guy\'s (i.e. the "Sage\'s") perspective. Randall may indeed have some concern with internet privacy, which would be consistent with the views on open-source security expressed in 463: Voting Machines, for example. In other cases, such as 1490: Atoms and 1419: On the Phone, the title text has been used as additional, farcical statements made by characters in the strip, rather than as Randall expressing his own views. Under this interpretation, Beret Guy would be prone to philosophizing about security, but then be easily distracted by a burrito; this is consistent with Beret Guy\'s general behavior.\nAdditional observations about the comic follow.\n\nThe Philosopher - the intellectual who likes to talk about the topic, often boring those around him who don\'t think or worry much about privacy.\nThe Crypto Nut - the one who goes crazy with security, even for things needing none.\n\nSince a large percentage of people and companies present in the internet don\'t have the ability or intention to do strong cryptography, the crypto nut\'s communication is limited to talking with other crypto nuts - which indicates cryptography as a topic. A real crypto nut will encrypt not just the important stuff because otherwise the attacker (in this context, assumed to be a government agency, network operator or corporation) will know which mails contain stuff that was secret enough to warrant encrypting, thus giving them information about whom he\'s doing secret business with.\n\nThe Conspiracist - the one who sees super-secret data-gathering agencies everywhere.\n\nThe (data) warehouse mentioned is the Utah Data Center which seems to be of impressive size. The punchline is created by taking the iceberg and warehouse analogies literally.\n\nThe Nihilist - Nihilists believe that life lacks purpose and meaning. Someone who espouses this philosophy would think that a life spent spying someone else\'s meaningless life is hence doubly lacking in meaning.\nThe Exhibitionist - Assumes people are invading his privacy, and using it to show off.\n\nThis type is predominantly associated with twitter, but other social networks as well. This archetype is humorously combined with a sexual exhibitionist, who gets a sexual rise from the knowledge that others are spying on him/her.\n\nThe Sage - Seems to know the difference between the real and the imaginary - or does he?\n\nThe monologue alludes to a scene in The Matrix in which Cypher arranges with the evil machines to become a traitor.\nThe Sage is apparently immediately satisfied when he has food and prosperity. He does not need privacy or other democratic rights as long as he does not individually suffer from their absence.\n\nThe release of the comic on this date could be to coincide with the premiere of South Park\'s 17th season on the same date, which starts with an episode (Let Go, Let Gov) in which Cartman discovers that the NSA has been spying on him.\nThe title text is to suggest that he enjoys burritos so much that being handed one even while philosophizing (his natural state) would stop him in his tracks to eat the burrito, thus becoming a pseudo-sage concerned only with the burrito at the exclusion of the topic of internet security. The burrito is later mentioned as a way to stay connected to the real word (compared to the world of art) in 1496: Art Project.\n\n