n\nMany news organizations will recap the major stories of the past calendar year in late December (typically before the year has actually ended). This includes specialized news outlets such as sports stations which recap major sports stories or best plays of the year. Here, Cueball,  as a news anchor, expects Megan to talk about major news stories of 2013 such as the roll-out of Obamacare, the election of Pope Francis or the death of Nelson Mandela, to give a few examples. \nInstead, Megan only recaps one thing which was important to her: She did not see the aurora (i.e. northern lights) in 2013, the dazzling natural geomagnetic light display caused by the solar wind. In 2013 a solar maximum was expected at its solar cycle, but the activity of the sun wasn\'t as heavy as before. So, a northern light had been very rare in this year. Megan has never seen northern light, and she is frustrated that is did not happen for her in 2013, thus overshadowing all other events. She even leaves in the middle of the review when she notices the sky clearing up, as she wish to check if there are any northern light this evening. This may very well be Randall\'s own frustration which is displayed here. \nIt turns out in the title text that Megan is actually reviewing the astronomical year, only considering astronomical events. She even rates it much like a movie review, although she seems to use the A-F grade scale. She only gives the year a C- (C minus), which would usually be the lowest passable grade, so she just lets the year pass in spite of the two failing events mentioned in the title text.\nIn the title text, Megan specifically complains about not being able to see aurora\'s from her house. If Megan actually represents Randall\'s frustration, then to expect to see it from a house in Massachusetts would be a lot to ask for. Usually people who wish to see northern lights will travel to an arctic area and stay away from light pollution from cities. But in years with heavy solar activity northern light may be visible even south of Massachusetts.\nThe title text also refers to Comet ISON. In February, a rough estimate of the comet\'s behavior predicted that it would become brighter than the full moon, a prediction that was widely reported by the media even though it was based on limited data and astronomers knew that it would not reach this brightness. In the end, although it was visible to the naked eye, it was never as bright as anybody hoped and apparently disintegrated on November 28, 2013 at its close approach to the sun.\nThe title text also refers to the 2017 total eclipse, which will be visible as a partial eclipse for a few hours throughout North America on August 21 Monday, including a 100-mile band across the United States where it will be a total eclipse for a couple of minutes in the early afternoon. Although the weather may be cloudy so the sun will be blocked during totality, the eclipse will happen anyway as there are completely predictable. So Megan is being extremely pessimistic to even suggest that it might get canceled. That she also states it like someone might decide to cancel the eclipse, like it was a concert that could be canceled by the organizer is funny. Seems like Megan thinks "they" are the same that caused the comet to disintegrate and the solar activity to stay low. Anyone with the kind of power to stop a solar eclipse from happening would be God-like compared to humanity.\nAll in all, the comic suggests that the only events of significance to Megan (and Randall) are astronomical ones; the actions of humanity pale in comparison.\nThe joke of Megan answering a question in an interview in an unexpected manner has been used before in 1111: Premiere.\nInterestingly in 1037: Umwelt there is an aurora story line where Megan stays inside at her computer even though it can be seen from her own state, letting her friend go out alone. (So not the same Megan for sure).\n\n