n\nThis is another strip in the My Hobby series.\nGoogle Glass is a set of glasses frames worn like typical glasses that features an optical display and internet connectivity. It responds to voice commands starting with "OK glass", for example to initiate video recording or to check tomorrow\'s weather. Strangers and other people surrounding the user would often find it annoying to hear someone talking to "himself", or to Glass. Also many people who buy the newest gadgets, like Google Glass, like to brag about it, and thus would try to say OK Glass so loud that other people will notice they have these cool new glasses. This can be very annoying in general!\nRandall\'s hobby, is saying "OK, glass" before any sentence while he is only wearing regular glasses. Like here where he (drawn as usual like Cueball) is checking tomorrow\'s weather, not on the glasses but on his smartphone. Apparently this is even more annoying to the bystander than if he would actually wear a real Google Glass while saying so. He thus both annoys other people, mocks people who buy such glasses to brag about them, and in general mock Google Glasses.\nIn the title text, Randall states that there is an extra benefit by doing this while only wearing regular glasses. Because when someone is finally fed up with the annoyance and rips the glasses off and stomps on them, then it would cost much less for regular glasses than if he had to replace a "Google Glass". These are very expensive - 1500 $ at the time of this comic, at least according to the title text at least. (Note regular glasses can also be very expensive, but you could choose to wear your reserve glasses for such a prank...)\nThe "OK, Glass" keyword is not useless outside of Glass; in the browser Chrome and the Android/iOS app Google Now, "OK, Glass" is also valid instead of "OK, Google" to initiate a voice command. While Cueball may be using this app, it is not necessarily the case, given that the caption states that Cueball enjoys prefacing everything with the phrase.\nIt seems generally that Randall is no fan of Google Glass, which was also shown earlier in 1251: Anti-Glass. Google Glass has become a recurring theme in xkcd.\n\n