n\nIn mathematics, a pair of related conjectures may be described as "strong" and "weak" (or often, a normal statement and a "weak" one). A strong conjecture, if true, can be used to easily prove the weaker one, but not vice versa (i.e. if the weak statement is true, that alone isn\'t enough to prove that the strong one is also true). Conversely, if the weak conjecture is false, that is enough to prove the stronger one false as well, but not vice versa. Weak conjectures are often easier to prove than related strong ones.\nGoldbach\'s weak and strong conjectures are a pair of real, unsolved problems relating to prime numbers (a number with exactly two positive divisors, 1 and itself). The comic states these under the labels "weak" and "strong".\n\n Goldbach\'s weak conjecture says that every odd number above 5 can be written as the sum of three prime numbers. A computer-aided proof of this was completed in 2013, but it is not yet clear whether the proof has been accepted as correct.\n Goldbach\'s strong conjecture (more often, simply "Goldbach\'s conjecture") says that every even number above 2 can be written as the sum of two prime numbers. If true, this would automatically make the weak conjecture true as well, because every odd number above 5 can be written as an even number above 2 (equal to two primes), plus 3 (the third prime).\n\nRandall\'s further conjectures extend this to a whole series of progressively "weaker" and "stronger" statements. His weak conjectures are so weak that they are obviously true; his strong conjectures are so restrictive that they are obviously false. However, for the most part, they really do maintain the weak-strong relationship.\n\n The "very strong" conjecture says that every odd number is prime. This is false, but if it were true, it would make Goldbach\'s (strong) conjecture true as well, because every even number can be written as the sum of two odd numbers (which, by this "conjecture", are prime).\n The "extremely strong" conjecture says that numbers stop at 7. This is (of course) false, but if it were true, it might make the above conjecture true as well: 9 is the first odd composite number, so stopping at 7 would eliminate all odd composite numbers. (1 is neither prime nor composite, but it has been counted as a prime number in the past. Randall may have meant 1 to be an unspoken exception, or he may be returning to the older definition that included 1 as prime.)\n In the other direction, the "very weak" conjecture says that every number above 7 can be written as the sum of two other numbers. This is true, but as it says nothing about primes, it isn\'t enough to prove Goldbach\'s weak conjecture. The weak conjecture being true would automatically make this one true, though (if we didn\'t already know it was true).\n The "extremely weak" conjecture says that "numbers just keep going". This is true, but it may not actually be implied by the above conjectures. Those say that numbers above 7 have certain properties, without requiring that such numbers exist. This may seem like a nitpicky point, but mathematicians love those; also it causes problems, because the "extremely strong" and "extremely weak" conjectures contradict each other. If the other conjectures were rewritten to say "these numbers exist, and have these properties", then they would imply this "extremely weak" conjecture, but then the "extremely strong" one would have to be stricken off.\n\nThe title text gives the same treatment to the twin prime conjecture, which says that there are infinitely many pairs of primes where one is 2 more than the other (e.g. 3 and 5). The title text adds a "weak" conjecture, according to which there are simply infinitely many pairs of primes (with no mention of distance between them). This is true; Euclid\'s theorem says that there are an infinite number of primes, and so you can simply pick any two (e.g. 5 and 13) and call them a pair.\nIt also adds a "strong" conjecture where every prime is now a twin prime. This is easily proven false; for example, 23 is prime, but 25 is not. However, Randall adds a humorous hedge that some prime numbers "may not look prime at first".\nLastly, the tautological prime conjecture states that it itself is true, while making no statement about primes. It is not technically a tautology but more of a plain assertion. Randall has mentioned tautologies before in 703: Honor Societies.\n\n