n\nThis New Year comic is to commemorate the New Year by giving us a view of the coming year (2014) from the past. The comic includes many quotes from the 1800s and early 1900s that speak to a time close to 2014. Many of them are for the twenty-first century in general, and only three mention a year that would be 2014 exactly. All but one of them is a prediction, yet some of these are quotes from fictional literature, and therefore are not true predictions. Words are in boldface to highlight the relevant content in the quote. The grey or non-bold text is non-essential to the point Randall is interested in, and only to be used to understand the context of the quote.\nThe title text refers to a certain British officer, Mr. Colin Shakespeare, who experimented and promoted the use of rope suspension bridges in India.[1] The reference to "The Bard of Avon" is a reference to Shakespeare (the playwright), as Avon is the river on which Stratford upon Avon is set, and is where the playwright was born and spent his youth. The author of this quote under the guise of eliminating the potential confusion that might result after decades or centuries have washed away the context, ironically and possibly vindictively, makes a point to note that the bridge is not named after the playwright, but Mr. Colin Shakespeare, whom he considers considerably less intelligent. This topic was previously covered in 771: Period Speech. \nTwo years before, another New Years comic with just the new years number as the title was released: 998: 2012. But actually the content of this comic is more related to the comic coming out just before the 2012 comic: 997: Wait Wait, which is also a New Year comic, that took a look at what could happen in 2012, just as this one does for 2014... In 2016 another comic, with only the new year as the name theme, occurred again 1624: 2016. For some reason this only seems to happen in the even years.\nThe style of the comic is very similar to that of 1227: The Pace of Modern Life, which was released a year and a half later.\n\n