n\nThe comic talks about regular expressions, which are a way to specify textual patterns. Given a regular expression, one can search for the pattern it specifies inside a text string. If the pattern is found, it\'s said that the pattern "matches" the string; if it\'s not found, it\'s said it doesn\'t match.\nThe title of the comic and the first panel is based on "regex golf", which is a discipline of "code golf", a game in which programmers attempt to solve a given programming problem using as few characters as possible, analogous to the number of golf shots it takes to reach the goal. In regex golfing, the programmer is given two sets of text fragments, and he/she tries to write the shortest possible regular expression which would match all elements of one set, while at the same time not matching any element from the other set.\nThe regex golf challenge Megan faces consists of matching all subtitles of (then extant) Star Wars films, while not matching any subtitle of Star Trek movies. Subtitles are the secondary titles of the movies, after the "Star Trek: " or "Star Wars Episode N: ". For example, in Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace, the subtitle is The Phantom Menace. In the first panel, she created a 12-character regex solving the challenge.\nThen she moved on to building a tool which would automatically build such a regex for arbitrary lists of text, which could be described as meta- regex golfing. But as she has lost this tool, she needs to search through her files and chooses a tool called "grep" to find it. This implies that she needs a regular expression that would find any code that appears to be a regex golf generator, which leads to another "meta-" layer of abstraction. At the end, Megan notes this sequence of meta-meta-... might go to infinity and Cueball quips that she now has "infinite problems" as a result of her efforts; Megan retorts that she already had "infinite problems" because she\'s geeky enough to run meta-versions of programs on themselves, and stubborn enough to continue on until she fails, to the exclusion of all else. This also seems to be a reference to a famous quote (see also 1171: Perl Problems):\n\nSome people, when confronted with a problem, think "I know, I\'ll use regular expressions." Now they have two problems.\n