n\nCueball\'s laptop has a problem that has resisted many hours of concentrated effort at resolution. Megan offers to help, but she concludes that the laptop is literally possessed by an evil spirit.\nA similarly unresolvable problem can be seen in 1084: Server Problem. In that case, no haunting is suggested, and Megan suggests that Cueball give up and wait for the Singularity.\nThe title text continues the conversation: when Megan tries to return the laptop to Cueball, he refuses, as Megan willingly took possession of it in the first place. Both have clearly decided that they no longer want anything to do with an object housing a supernatural entity, and are trying to pass it back to one another.\nThe use of the word "ghost" in the title text may be an allusion to the philosophical problem known as the Ghost in the machine. This has been popularized through cyberpunk literature and movies, such as The Matrix and Ghost in the Shell. The question is whether machines are, or could be, conscious and have their own free will.\nThe comic may also be intended to remind us how non-technical users see computers and technology in general. Often a non-technical person will anthropomorphize a gadget, assigning it a personality with quirks. In this case, that personally happens to take the form of an evil ghost. When they have problems, they often give the device to a slightly more technical person to deal with it, which they may or may not be able to do. In the mind of the non-technical person, this failure could confirm the personality of the device. Note that Cueball is far from "non-technical", so this possible interpretation does not literally match the depicted scenario.\nIt should be noted that technical users often joke about sufficiently complex systems operating at the mercy of supernatural forces, SCSI interface maintenance requiring goat sacrifices being a popular past category. Encountering a machine that is literally possessed or cursed is a logical extension of this theme.\n\n