n\nIn this comic, White Knit Cap Guy and Black Knit Cap Guy are walking outside in sub 0&#160;\xc2\xb0F (-17.8&#160;\xc2\xb0C) White Knit Cap Guy complains about the brutal cold and uses it as evidence that global warming is not real. Black Knit Cap Guy explains that this kind of weather used to happen all the time back before the year 2000, showing that global warming is, in fact, very real.\nThis is illustrated in panel two by a graph showing the number of days with sub 0&#160;\xc2\xb0F as a function of year from 1970 to 2013 in the city of St. Louis, (where we learn that White Knit Cap Guy is from). It shows that these days used to be rather common between 1970 and 1999, only to be completely absent for the next 14 years until and including 2013. A rcc-acis.org/climatecentral source link for this graph is provided (though as of June 2014, the link is dead - see Trivia below).\nBlack Knit Cap Guy uses this graph to explain that not a single day like this has happened since 2000, until here in 2014 where a polar vortex pushed the temperature down below zero again for two days. This caused many people to react as if it had never been this cold before. He goes on to explain that since this weather is now unusual, we perceive it as being more cold, even though this was a common temperature to reach in past decades. However, White Knit Cap Guy continues to insist that it is too cold, demonstrating he learned nothing from their talk. Subzero Fahrenheit temperatures are very cold to be out in. See for instance the first panel of 526: Converting to Metric.\nIn the last panel, in a future St. Louis, a Cueball discovers a thin sheet of ice, suggesting the temperature has fallen just below 32&#160;\xc2\xb0F (0&#160;\xc2\xb0C), the freezing point of water. The suggestion here is that the environment has warmed to such an extent that temperatures below 32&#160;degrees are very unusual, and the future Cueball repeats the same short-term fallacy that such "extreme cold" disproves global warming. Someone off-panel, presumably another Black Knit Cap Guy, sighs as the cycle continues.\nThe comic reacts to a simplified view of global warming by amateurs, including media, who fail to understand (or choose to ignore) the difference between climate and weather. Short, random weather fluctuations like the polar vortex are taken as examples or counter-examples of climate change and global warming. To understand climate change, one must look at global (not local) and long-term (not short-term) temperature trends.\nDebates on the theory of global warming/climate change often center on whether the current warming trend is primarily caused by humans or is a natural change, as has happened in the past. Within the scientific community, there is an overwhelming consensus that the current trend is anthropogenic (i.e. man-made), but many in the general public (including many politicians) are hesitant to accept this. There is clearly no doubt about where Randall stands on this debate, as many of his comics and blog posts continue to plead for humanity to do something about the man-made global warming trend - especially in comic 1379: 4.5 Degrees.\nThe title text suggests that gathering data about global warming is time-consuming and is the kind of stuff only a real nerd would do. Most people would rather hang out with friends, or at least spend their time with some more fun nerd activity. Randall has been known to use the title text to poke fun at himself over how much time he has spent researching topics and more generally how geeky his interests tend to be. Although the title text tries to deny this geeky behavior, he cannot help himself at the end by mentioning another interesting climate subject: Snowfall records.\nClimate change, especially global warming, is a recurring theme in xkcd.\nKnit caps have only been used a few times in xkcd, most prominently on Knit Cap Girl in 1350: Lorenz, see her section for more details. At the top of the huge chart in 1732: Earth Temperature Timeline, also referring to global warming a guy with a white knit cap similar to White Knit Cap Guy can be seen freezing between New York and Boston.\n\n