n\nWhen developers responsible for fixing errors on a specific operating system release a patch, the operating system often ask users to restart the computer after installing. This is often done by popup window shown to the user where he can choose to restart immediately or choose to be reminded later.\nMany messages from these popups emphasize the importance of installing the updates, but Cueball is just annoyed about this. Sometimes, these issues are minor and do not affect most computers using the operating system. Often other programs, not part of the operating system, ask for a reboot because the updated routine only runs after the next reboot. Regardless, reboots can take a long time \xe2\x80\x94 a typical user doesn\'t like this. The user can choose to be reminded later multiple times. Because rebooting a computer takes a significant amount of time and closes any programs running, a user may delay the update repeatedly to avoid interrupting what they were doing at the time.\nThe comic is making two jokes simultaneously: the core comic jokes that reboots are so tedious and disruptive it would actually be preferable for a laptop to burst into flame than to go through one, while the title text suggests that the real problem is that humans are so incapable of delayed gratification and/or risk evaluation they would rather risk bodily harm than suffer a minor inconvenience.\nThe joke uses an "exploding laptop battery" as an exaggeration for comedic effect. Most software doesn\'t affect hardware issues like burning laptop batteries. However, low-level software, such as the kernel or drivers, might cause hardware to misbehave.\nThe title text reflects the fact that the average user will have multiple applications open and a reboot would require closing them. They would then have to open all their applications again after the computer has restarted. This can also refer to a browser application having multiple tabs open. This is becoming less of an issue because browsers have an option to restart the last session again after being closed, as would happen with a reboot, but many users still don\'t trust it to work properly.\n\n