n\nThe "Slippery slope" argument hinges on the idea that if A happens, then B will follow as a minor but expected consequence. B will lead on to C, C leads onto D, and so on. Each consequence gets progressively worse until you reach an undesirable situation. A slippery slope  argument propagates that A should not be allowed, because if it is, then the resulting chain of consequences will lead to the undesirable situation. A contemporary and logically flawed example of this is gay marriage. In the 60\'s interracial marriage was illegal, and people suggested that if allowed it would lead to pedophiles marrying children, people marrying their pets, sisters, etc. Gay marriage has had a largely very similar response. Another example of the slippery slope argument is the issue of illegal immigration, where if we allow people into the country illegally and give them citizenship, then they will steal jobs and then take over the United States. These arguments are largely made out of baseless fear and prejudice.\nIn the comic, White Hat uses a slippery slope argument to Cueball, to justify being inconsiderate to people . He argues that if he expends minor effort being considerate to one person, he will be expected to be considerate to everyone he meets, which - he wishes to argue - is an undesirable situation. Thus, he justifies being inconsiderate as avoiding the slippery slope. This idea is extended in the title text, where he continues extrapolating the train of thought to come to the conclusion that minutes of time would be "wasted". Randall is exposing the greater issue that makes these arguments absurd because Cueball is saying that if he has to be considerate to one person, he will have to extend that courtesy to everyone.\nThis could be a reference to many arguments in which the slippery slope argument is used to deny people rights.\nIn the title text, the same idea is added to include that seconds is not a terribly large amount of time to be nice to a few people, but those few seconds multiplied by tens (he says hundreds) of people could mean that a person would waste several minutes per day, as if several minutes were a big amount of time.\n\n