n\nThis comic refers to a sentiment sometimes expressed by computer users that "what I\'m trying to do is really simple \xe2\x80\x94 it shouldn\'t be hard."  The statement demonstrates an assumption that because the desired action is conceptually simple, it must therefore be simple to implement. There is a logic to this line of thinking, but in reality, as the off-screen character notes, a computer is a very complicated set of components which effectively can\'t do anything (simple or complex) until someone has programmed the functionality into it. Even more abstractly, a random silicon crystal can\'t do anything at all until someone has applied a complex industrial process to it that allows it to read and execute computer code in the first place.\nIn terms of a user-interface, the "simplicity" of executing a given task may be more a function of the perceived utility and frequency-of-use of that function, and less a function of its conceptual "simplicity". For example, changing the colour of the font in a word processor is often simpler than changing the colour of the background/page, even though changing colours of two parts of the document would appear equally "simple" in concept. The different implementation is a design choice by the programmer most likely on the basis that the intended user is considered more likely to want to change the font colour than to change the page colour.\nThis sentiment equally applies to computer programmers: most commonly when they are just beginning to learn a new computer language. Sometimes because of difficulties with the syntax rules of the language or similar problems, a programmer may spend a long time trying to get the computer to do a simple action, such as display a message on the screen, or ask the user for a number. This is also true when a programmer is working in a language which doesn\'t have an easy way to do something that might be simple in another language. And in computer science, it may often be very hard to differentiate the almost impossible from the easy, especially when compared to what humans can and can\'t do easily.\nThe off-screen character points out that computers were "just carefully organized sand". Modern computer chips are made largely of silicon crystals, chemically a part of silicon dioxide crystals that compose the majority of sand. The character puts Cueball\'s goal in perspective by pointing out the large amount of complexity required to make, what is essentially sand, do even the simplest of computational tasks.\nThe punchline of the comic is that, after considering these words of wisdom for a panel, instead of the anticipated response of Cueball coming to the realization that the off-screen character is right, and working even harder to solve his problem, Cueball instead succumbs to his annoyance and sets out to destroy his computer (which he characterizes as turning it "back into sand"). The off-screen character helpfully offers to get a blowtorch so that Cueball can melt the computer down into simple compounds and elements.\nThe title text sees Cueball again frustrated with a task he considers "simple" (destroying the computer). Cueball appears to be oblivious to the irony in his statement that he is having trouble destroying something with household tools that required very large machines and an industrial process to create. This might be compared to trying to undo a steel weld by lighting a wooden match and trying to melt the weld with it. This points out the irony that destroying the processor is even harder to do than the task from the first picture.\nThe melting point of silicon is 1,414&#160;\xc2\xb0C. Although a typical butane blowtorch that might be found in a kitchen has a maximum temperature of 1,430&#160;\xc2\xb0C, that temperature is at a very small point and rapidly cools. Hence it is unlikely that you could focus sufficient heat with a kitchen appliance blowtorch to actually melt silicon.\nThe apparently simple task Cueball is trying to complete may express Randall\'s frustration in the creation of the crowd-sourced comic 1350: Lorenz, which was launched the next day and initially contained a large number of bugs.\n\n