n\nThe Heartbleed bug refers to a critical bug in the OpenSSL cryptographic library. This bug was publicly revealed on Monday, 7 April 2014. Due to a programming error in OpenSSL versions 1.0.1 through 1.0.1f \xe2\x80\x94 meaning the bug had existed for two years \xe2\x80\x94 attackers could read random server memory by sending specially prepared HeartbeatRequest messages to an affected server.\nOpenSSL is a very commonly used library to implement SSL/TLS, a cryptographic protocol not only used to secure web traffic but also for mail clients and much more. Only the user and the server can read the communication. On the web the protocol is https:// (HTTP Secure), instead of the open http:// standard. SSL is often used to protect sensitive web traffic, such as login requests, which contains the user names and passwords in the requests. The server sends a certificate to the browser before the secure connection is established. If the certificate is registered the browser accepts it automatically, otherwise the user gets a popup to accept or reject this insecure certificate.\nA vulnerability that lets an attacker read random clumps of memory on the server would possibly let an attacker find recent username/password requests, allowing them to gain unauthorized access to user accounts. Even worse, this vulnerability could read the server\'s private key, enabling anyone to impersonate the server and/or decrypt any future traffic that relies on that key, and any previously-obtained prior traffic also, unless a "perfect forward secrecy" ciphers is used, which is currently rare. Furthermore, the Heartbleed exploit occurs during the handshake phase of setting up a connection, so no traces of it are logged, i.e. you can be attacked and never be the wiser.\nMore information is available at heartbleed.com or under the reference CVE-2014-0160 at nvd.nist.gov.\nIn the last panel, Megan interprets Cueball\'s question ("is everything compromised?") expansively. She responds that, being a computer bug, Heartbleed can only affect information which is stored on computers. Cueball concludes that information recorded in analog media, such as that written on paper or etched in clay tablets, is safe. Megan adds that imaginations are also unaffected by Heartbleed, and Cueball is reassured. The reader may wonder how our society would fare in the face of the destruction of all electronically stored information, but having our imaginations intact is certainly reassuring.\nThe title text cites the Tears in rain soliloquy, the dying words of the replicant and main antagonist Roy Batty (played by Rutger Hauer) in the 1982 film Blade Runner, implying that the 64KiB HeartBleed buffer is so complete it includes memories from replicant brains. This is ironic as in the soliloquy, Roy Batty stated "All those moments will be lost in time".\nThe title text also suggests to patch OpenSSL oneself, which might refer to the patched version of OpenSSL by Debian, which turned out to be vulnerable in 2008, and was the topic of 424: Security Holes.\n\n