n\nThe Heartbleed bug has received a lot of news coverage recently and was also the topic of the previous comic 1353: Heartbleed. This comic explains how the bug may have been discovered and can be exploited to reveal a server\'s memory contents. \nMeg (her full name is Margaret as seen from the title text - see below) sends heartbeat requests to the server, the server responds to the heartbeat request by returning the contents of the body of the request up to the number of letters requested. The first two requests are well formed, requesting exactly the number of characters in the request body. The server\'s memory is showing Meg\'s request with many other requests going on at the same time.\nMeg then ponders this and tries to another request asking for "HAT" but requests that it be 500 letters long instead of only 3; the server \xe2\x80\x94not checking it or simply unaware that 500 letters is larger than the request body\xe2\x80\x94 returns "HAT" plus 497 letters that happened to be next to the word "HAT" in its memory (more will follow than are shown in the server\'s speak bubble as there are only 251 letters/symbols in the shown reply). Included are many sensitive bits of information, including a master key and user passwords. One of the passwords shown is "CoHoBaSt", a reference to 936: Password Strength, which suggests using "correct horse battery staple" as a password.\nOften popular explanations of security bugs require the issue to be simplified a lot and to leave out a lot of details. In this case Randall didn\'t have to do much simplifying; the bug is actually that simple. Also, it should be noted that any client which can connect to the server typically can exploit this bug in the underlying OpenSSL software \xe2\x80\x94 the use of the term "User Meg" does not imply that Meg had to authenticate first.\nAlthough Randall shows Meg recording the data by hand, on paper, it is more likely that a person exploiting the bug would have a computer record the data, perhaps on its hard drive or on a flash drive.\nThe title text is a reference to Are you there God? It\'s me, Margaret., a novel by Judy Blume, and plays off of the "server, are you still there?" line in every panel where she did start a request. Meg can be a nickname for Margaret as well as Megan who the character Margaret slightly resembles. At the time this comic was released it could be discussed if the fact that Margaret\'s hair is clearly more curly than the usual Megan was enough not to call her Megan. But that it indeed was another character than Megan became clear when the comic 1544: Margaret came out, featuring a girl that has exactly the same type of hair, and of course can no longer be confused with Megan.\n\n