n\nBoth on the Internet and in the physical world, people with unpopular or poorly thought out opinions may complain that their freedom of speech is being restricted because others express their distaste for those opinions. As a defense, these individuals may invoke the First Amendment to the United States Constitution, which provides, among other things, for freedom of speech for any entity or person under legal jurisdiction of the U.S. More specifically, it states that "Congress shall make no law [...] abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press". Originally intended as a restriction on the powers of U.S. federal government, which the Constitution defines, structures, and delimits, over time the First Amendment, as well as several others, were "incorporated" via the Fourteenth Amendment to apply to state and local governments as well. This protection of free speech, however, does not extend to illegal activities (for example, the concept of a "clear and present danger"), and it does not compel others to listen to or acknowledge the speech. The intended targets of the speech may simply choose to stop listening, or to speak louder in protest.\nAn example of this is the incident involving the TV program Duck Dynasty in December 2013, in which television network A+E Networks suspended the host after he made homophobic remarks, causing some to comment that his rights had been infringed upon. Similarly in April 2014 controversy erupted when Brendan Eich was forced to resign as CEO of Mozilla because it was revealed he had donated money to anti-gay marriage efforts in California. In actuality, the First Amendment was never meant to provide immunity from any and all consequences.\nCueball is addressing anyone who has used this argument. As the comic says, just because you\'re legally allowed to say something doesn\'t mean that everyone is legally required to listen. It also does not mean that a commercial or social entity \xe2\x80\x94 such as a TV network, a website, or its community \xe2\x80\x94 is legally required to support you in spreading your message, even if it had supported you in the past. If someone says something which others find stupid or offensive, he or she should be ready to accept the consequences of others responses, regardless of who is right, or whose idea is more popular.\nThe title text points out the irony of anyone appealing to free speech as a defense for their argument or opinion. If the only thing that someone can say in support of an argument is effectively that it is not illegal, then they are severely undermining it by essentially admitting that they don\'t have any better defense for it.\n\n