n\nThis comic came out the day after Sky News published the story of original Andy Warhol artwork, created in 1985 on an Amiga 1000, which was recovered from recently found floppy disks.\nCueball is shown literally digging through a pile of old files; which is a metaphor for looking through old files on his computer. The layers of the pile are arranged much like geological rock formations where older strata are deeper down than younger layers. The files are in concentric layers because each directory is imbedded in the previous directory. Therefore, the "Documents" folder contains an "Old Desktop" folder, which contains a folder with files recovered from an older system, which itself contains a "My Documents" folder, which contains a folder with files copied from a Zip Disk from high school. The result is that files from high school have survived in his present-day machine. These older folders serve as a time capsule of sorts, storing old files from AOL, NYET, and Kazaa. These files are meant to be analogous to the fossils and artifacts found in lower, older rock layers.\nThe sizes of the files decrease as Cueball goes deeper, since data storage has gotten cheaper over time. When the Zip Drive first came out, it cost $200 USD (plus $20 per 100 MB floppy). Today, $200 could buy you a 4 TB portable external hard drive. In the 1990s, during AOL\'s heyday, 10+ GB hard drives were prohibitively expensive and a terabyte of data was unimaginable to most users.\nDeep down, Cueball discovers several files he is surprised about, including a poetry file which embarrasses him as he does not remember writing poetry. In the title text, he mentions also finding an "Animorphs Novel", which may be a text copy of one of the original books, but judging by his reaction it may more likely be a fan fiction of the Animorphs series. The series was released between 1996 and 2001, consistent with the fact that these files were created during Cueball/Randall\'s high school years. The series was extremely popular at the time. See also 1380: Manual for Civilization for other references to Animorphs.\n\n