n\nCueball is a news anchor describing the Gateway Arch as one of the most recognizable arches in St. Louis.\nWhen describing things, reporters try to make only factual statements. If reporters use absolutes (that something is the largest or the smallest thing of its class, or that it is unprecedented, to give several examples) they risk making errors: it is possible that some other example of the thing exists that is even larger or even smaller or that there was some similar incident in the past, and they were not aware of it. If a reader or viewer points out the existence of that thing, even if obscure or trivial, the reporter must issue a correction. As a result, reporters learn to hedge by using formulations such as "one of the biggest" or "a rare example of."\nRandall states that it is his pet peeve when reporters avoid absolutes unnecessarily \xe2\x80\x94 that is, in cases where there\'s vanishingly little risk of error. As an absurd example, Randall depicts one such reporter using this language about the Gateway Arch. As the most well-known monument in Missouri and the largest free-standing arch in the world, it\'s indisputable that this would be the most recognizable arch in St. Louis.\nIn the title text, Randall jokes about what could happen if you misunderstand the practice of avoiding absolutes; he thus appears to think it is an ostentatious display of faux objectivity, as opposed to a correction-avoiding strategy. The title text refers to novelty mugs (and T-shirts, and other printed items) that use superlative descriptions such as "World\'s Greatest Mom" or "World\'s Greatest Dad." Obviously, such a statement is an expression of personal affection on the part of the family member who gave such a gift and is not meant to be understood as a literally true fact about the world. Using a parody of reporter-speak (like giving a mug to your mother that says "one of the world\'s greatest moms") would ruin the compliment by suggesting to her that you thought some other people\'s moms were as good or better.\nThe title text also refers to Mother\'s Day, which in the US was three days before this comic was published.\n\n