n\nThis strip shows a discussion between an adult and a teenager about an aspect of the future. Randall likes this setup, allowing to put in perspective the various "decay" predictions and shows his optimism.\nHere, the subject is scandal. How will a generation that is documenting and leaving behind a permanent public record of its juvenile misadventures - immature and impolitic writings, photographs of inebriation at parties posted on Facebook, Twitter posts about breakups, etc. - produce successful future politicians? Won\'t future opposition researchers and reporters have enough embarrassing material to destroy any Millennial\'s public reputation? In previous generations, juveniles were freer to go through this phase of development without leaving behind a digital record, making it easier to sidestep or paper over rumors of youthful misbehavior. See, e.g., George W. Bush, who dismissed questions about his rumored use of drugs in his youth by saying only, "When I was young and irresponsible, I was young and irresponsible."\nThe child\'s answer, in addition to tweaking the adult about her generation\'s coming obsolescence, is that the next generation will be fine because in the future no one will care. The title text amplifies this optimistic message, suggesting that old blog posts by former teenagers will just seem boring, not salacious. Randall offers no explanation for this upbeat spin, but it is a recurring topic and some have argued elsewhere that the potential power of Internet-chronicled youthful indiscretions will be defused because everyone will be in the same boat, making future voters (and, in another context, employers) more tolerant of such things.\nThe strip also contains an existential twist, as shown in the child\'s answer. It alludes to every generation\'s dismissal of the next, as actually being due to psychological insecurities. We may disguise our dismissals by attacking their faults &amp; different lifestyles. But in truth, these dismissals are actually rooted in our innate fear of becoming obsolete, useless, surpassed, and lost in a bewildering world that has passed us by.\n\n