n\nSmartwatches are fairly recent innovations which function something like smartphones which are attached to one\'s wrist, although the screens are often shorter than those of typical smartphones, and they typically need to be attached via bluetooth to a smartphone. This comic shows someone "Case modding" some smartwatches and a broken smartphone; that is, taking the electronic innards of two smartwatches and putting them into the sawn-in-half case of a smartphone before attaching the two halves with a hinge, allowing it to open and close like flip phones, a type that was popular before the rise of smartphones.\nThe Western Electric Model 2500 is the last standard desk-style domestic telephone set issued by the Bell System in North America. It contains the # key and the * key, so it can be said it has same application features as the first cellphones, but it\'s obviously much bigger, and of course not wireless. Smartphones usually have much more functionality. Case modding is the art of building machines (usually computers) into nicely shaped non-standard cases. The opinion about "niceness" of the result vary, as usual in art. The point is that changing the case doesn\'t change the functionality, so the niceness (or, usually, "coolness") is generally the only relevant feature (although, badly done modding can affect cooling).\nIt appears that Randall has a rather low opinion of smartwatches, as he suggests that it would be better to take out their screens and mount them onto a dead iPhone than to use them the way smartwatches are normally used.\nHowever, Randall\'s suggestion to cut open the dead phone with a hacksaw is unsound for several reasons:\n1. Any attempt to saw through glass will cause it to shatter. To cut glass, one needs to grind it, not saw it.\n2. Even if the phone is dead, the battery may be charged. Saw blades conduct electricity, so the person might get electrocuted.\n3. Some batteries contain chemicals that are toxic or explosive.  Even if the battery is discharged, sawing through it is very dangerous.\nTo add which, the hinge depicted in the cartoon is an ordinary household hinge. It is overly large for using in electronics compared to hinges on old clamshell-style cell phones, and drilling holes in the watch cases to attach one would potentially damage the internal electronic circuits, rendering the watch useless.\n4. Also, it\'s possible the watches wouldn\'t fit that nicely into the iPhone.\n\n