n\nIn the first panel of this comic, it is clear that Cueball has just written some comment that his friend thinks will lower his chances for getting a job in the future. This is common advice given to teenagers and young professionals, given as a warning that their posts online could be seen by a potential future boss.\nIn the next panel, Cueball replies with a seeming non-sequitur: when did we forget our dreams? Without explanation, this seems like one of the overly philosophizing, ultimately meaningless questions that also happen to pop up on social media sites. Cueball\'s friend is confused by the sudden shift in conversation.\nThe long monologue Cueball delivers focuses around the fact that as people get older, their life becomes narrower and less filled with possibilities and novelty. This is a speech made in the manner of someone getting older and missing the simpler days of youth, where everything was much more exciting. From this point, he explains that part of the deadening process is responding the same way to each event that happens, and creating a routine. Routines, Cueball believes, remove our ability to act on our dreams.\nFinally Cueball gets to relating this monologue to posting inappropriate material to social media sites: he will not let his concerns for a nebulous future hinder the outlook on life he has now. He will not limit his choices in order to conform with the expectations of an uninspired future. He ends with the blunt explanation of his choices, "Fuck. That. Shit.", bringing him into a full circle, expressing crudely and inappropriately his thoughts on the matter which he has just eloquently finished describing.\nCueball\'s use of periods between each word in this closing phrase is itself another reference to practices on social media sites; people will sometimes put periods between each word in a short phrase to show emphasis.\nConnor\'s second thesis from the title text is a quote from the character Sarah Connor in the film Terminator 2. The message expressed is a restatement of Cueball\'s monologue: While it sounds trite, each and every one of us has the ability to change our situation, whether by quitting the job we don\'t like, telling that person that we love them or some other action. Our action (and inaction) creates our future, including the way in which we react to those things outside our control. \nThe title text also poses the question of whether the more creativity lost to conformity, the more routine life becomes, or the more routine life becomes, the less creative you become.  This is a chicken and egg type question, which is dramatically broken by the suggestion of a roadtrip. This is the situationally unexpected break that shows the speaker is willing to break out of the routines threatening to set in. \nOther comics with a similar theme about finding or taking unexplored paths, instead of fitting into the mold, includes 59: Graduation and 267: Choices: Part 4.\n\n