n\nIt is a common thing for people on the Internet (on forums and comments sections of various websites) to make vague generalizations about the "stupidity of all people" or "losing faith in humanity," for instance when the topic is actually the stupidity or irrational/extreme behavior of one individual or group of individuals. Also the comment can come in any type of Internet forum, regardless of the subject.\nHowever, the overall world population ("people") is not more stupid than the average - by definition. There is also no other human population to compare to to draw the conclusion this population is stupid. So it is a stupid comment that White Hat makes. The award being given to him by Cueball is thus a very sarcastic one.\nIt is possible that for a non-normal distribution of intelligence a median individual could be less intelligent than the mean. However, the statement as it is usually formulated (including here), "People are stupid," refers to humanity as a whole. White Hat\'s anecdotal and subjective experience has led him to make a statistically impossible statement.\nWhite Hat\'s self-perceived superiority may be an example of the Lake Wobegon effect, so named because Lake Wobegon (a fictional city) is "where all the women are strong, all the men are good looking, and all the children are above average".\nThe last panel may be a reference to the First Annual Montgomery Burns Award for Outstanding Achievement in the Field of Excellence which is a fictional award in the story of The Simpsons episode Brother, Can You Spare Two Dimes? where it is presented to Homer Simpson.\nIn the title text the other phrase about having lost their faith in humanity also gets a comment on the way from Cueball. There are people who use this phrase every time someone disagrees with them or say something they think is stupid. He jokes that he will let humanity (everyone other than the guy who makes the comment) know that he has lost faith in them - and very sarcastically remarks that humanity will probably be crushed (i.e. the rest of the world does not care if that guy has lost faith in them).\n\n