n\nIn this comic, we see Beret Guy walking in from the left, as Cueball is sitting on a couch, typing on a laptop on his lap, with its power cord unplugged. Instead of connecting it to the wall socket, Beret Guy picks it up and blows air into the loose end of the cord, as if inflating a balloon \xe2\x80\x94 and the laptop inflates. It then floats away, making Cueball grab for it as Beret Guy casually walks away.\nWhile it is not possible to inflate a laptop like this, nor to inflate anything by blowing down a power cord, Beret Guy has previously demonstrated supernatural abilities with power cords, such as in 1293: Job Interview. In theory, human breath should not be buoyant enough to lift anything in an atmosphere of ordinary air.  Because humans are warm-blooded, human breath is slightly warmer than the surrounding air, and therefore has slightly fewer molecules per unit volume.  However, because human breath has much higher levels of carbon dioxide (MW=44) than ordinary air (average MW=29), and somewhat lower levels of diatomic oxygen (MW=32), human breath has a higher average weight per molecule. (This is also true of hot air balloons, but they operate at much higher temperatures than human breath and are therefore able to obtain a slight amount of net buoyancy.) There is a standard cartoon convention that inflating something with breath nonetheless makes it lighter than air. Also, given Beret Guy\'s many manifestations of inexplicable phenomena, it is not too far fetched to believe his body is, in fact, excreting some form of lighter-than-air gas, similar to the character Rigel on Farscape who could "fart helium".   \nThe title text involves some jokes on Unix systems. On Unix, everything is a file; even most of the hardware can be referenced by a (virtual) file. These virtual files usually are in /dev or another virtual filesystem like /sys or /proc. While /dev/input really exists and points to the input system (mice, keyboards, gamepads, etc.), /dev/inside doesn\'t. gzip is a common tool to compress files. The first joke is to compress the air inside the laptop (with the command gzip /dev/inside) in order to deflate the laptop back to normal size. It is a pun with the literal meaning of "deflate", which is also the DEFLATE algorithm used by gzip (compressing files is also called "deflating"). Another joke is "piping", the act of using the output of one operation as the input to another. As the output of the gzip command would be compressed air, a physical pipe could be used to direct the air somewhere useful. The output of a command can also be redirected to a file. Since the hardware is a file, the suggestion is to direct the air to /dev/input (which, in this case, means the keyboard) to clean it, similar to "compressed air" dusting cans. The complete command would be gzip /dev/inside &gt; /dev/input. As this might cause a spray of unpleasant detritus (compare 237: Keyboards are Disgusting), the reader is advised to avert their eyes.\n\n