n\nThis comic is a reference to the recently released Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles movie. It is a list of Wikipedia article titles that are in the same syllable-stress pattern as the first line of the theme song of the 1987 cartoon series.\nThe list is compiled in alphabetical order from top to bottom, without respect to the left or right column. Some of the items on this list (e.g. Ace Ventura: Pet Detective) are drawn as headlines in the same style as the logo from that series. These articles are not in alphabetical order with the surrounding small face text, but these headlines are in alphabetical order with the other headlines from top to bottom, without respect to the left or right column. Some of these phrases are not actually the titles of Wikipedia articles, but rather the full names given in articles\' lead sentences. For instance, the article on Woodrow Wilson "Woody" Guthrie appears under the title Woody Guthrie.\nThe syllable-stress pattern of this line is long-short-long-short-long-short-long-short, known in poetry as trochaic tetrameter. Randall has previously authored comics dealing with trochees, namely 856: Trochee Fixation and 1383: Magic Words.\nA similar idea was performed by Jimmy Fallon in 2001 at a concert for New York city where he demonstrated singing "any 80\'s song" over the tune of MC Hammer\'s song "U Can\'t Touch This".\nThe title text suggests an album of songs (The Purple People Eater, the aforementioned Ninja Turtles theme, Itsy Bitsy Teenie Weenie Yellow Polka Dot Bikini and the Mighty Morphin\' Power Rangers theme), the title or primary refrain of which have a large number of verses in trochaic meter. Randall suggests that these refrains are so interchangeable that the lyrics of each could be sung to the melody of the song following it in the tracklist. Randall would title the album Linked List as each song would melodically reference the next song. The refrains of the songs, respectively are:\n\n"One-eyed, one-horned flying purple people eater"\n"Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles"\n"Itsy Bitsy Teenie Weenie Yellow Polka Dot Bikini"\n"Go go Power Rangers"\n\n