n\n\n\n \n\n This explanation may be incomplete or incorrect: The subject of beef and rays discussion about beef setting up ray and the program ray seems to be invited to has not been explained at all. There seems to be many things in that part of the comic - before the awkward pauses, that are not easily understood and need explanation. And what\'s with the food references in the last panel wit text?If you can address this issue, please edit the page! Thanks.\n\nThis comic is a part of the Parody Week, just joking about other webcomics. This series was released on 5 consecutive days (Monday-Friday) and not over the usual Monday/Wednesday/Friday schedule and is comprised of the following five parodies:\n\n141: Parody Week: Achewood\n142: Parody Week: Megatokyo\n143: Parody Week: TFD and Natalie Dee\n144: Parody Week: A Softer World\n145: Parody Week: Dinosaur Comics\n\nAchewood is a webcomic by Chris Onstad. It portrays the lives of a group of anthropomorphic stuffed toys, robots, and pets, and veers between cheerful, vulgar and philosophical scenes from everyday American life and bizarre surreal interludes - Kevin Smith meets David Lynch. The comic\'s humor often lacks a traditional punchline, and utilizes numerous awkward pause panels. \nThis comic includes three of the prominent characters from the strip: Philippe a five year old stuffed otter, Ray, and Roast Beef. \nIn the first panel, Phillippe is dreaming of having his ears checked. There\'s an eye chart on the wall behind him. The doctor informs him that because of his superhearing power he is needed at Hogwarts, School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, from Harry Potter. This fits well with his canon depiction as a dreamer who believes typically childish things in a serious way - a long running storyline shows Philippe\'s semi-imaginary run for president on a platform of hugs. On the wall is an E chart - a special version of the eye chart for young children.\nThe comic then switches to Roast Beef and Ray discussing an invitation to a competition described only by its name ("The Dude Is Pretty Awesome In Most Measurable Ways I Mean Wow", reminiscent of the name of Roast Beef\'s zine "Man Why You Even Got To Do A Thing"). Achewood has had several storylines pertaining to masculinity contests, but the one that Randall is parodying here is the "Great Outdoor Fight", perhaps Achewood\'s most famous storyline. In this arc, Ray - finding himself in the shadow of his father, the ludicrously strong Ramses Luther Smuckles - decides to enter a 3,000 man brawl called the "Great Outdoor Fight". Although he is nowhere near as strong as the other contestants, after they all kill each other he is the last man standing thanks to the help of Roast Beef, and quits the contest when he realizes that he would have to knock his friend out to win.\nRay - who in Achewood typically just wears a thong, glasses and jewellery as shown here - has a strategy of simply highlighting his genitals. Roast Beef - always a pessimist who speaks without punctuation - offers his take on the competition: that Ray is going to lose to the other, significantly more impressive, contestants. \nIn canon, Roast Beef entered (or at least, hacked himself into) the Great Outdoor Fight specifically to ensure that Ray would win, and was shocked that Ray refused to knock him out. Randall offers an alternative characterization: Roast Beef was setting Ray up and planned to knock him out and claim the trophy, but couldn\'t complete his plan. Ray is dismayed, and Roast Beef proceeds to further shut him down, comparing Ray (a "McD\'s" hamburger) to the other competitors (a 12 oz. sirloin steak). This leads to a lengthy awkward pause, spanning the rest of the comic.\nThe comic is written in the style of Onstad and his humor. The last 10 panels are "awkward-pause panels", which are used frequently in Achewood, in what appears to be a joke about overuse of dialogue-free panels (there are 11 of these but the first is a shock panel, then the pause begins).  This joke is continued in the title-text, where Randall claims that this strip set the record for most panels of this kind, a record previously held by Achewood.\nSweet Sweetback\'s Baadasssss Song is a 1971 Blaxploitation film that is generally regarded as an exemplar of its genre - its hero, Sweet Sweetback, is a strong, sexually-talented African American fighting his way out of the ghetto. Bursting fully-formed from Sweet Sweetback\'s head is a parody of the birth of Greek Goddess Athena.\nReferences to Fleshlight, such as this comment by beef in first panel in third row: You are gonna stand out as the sort of dude who stays at home all night playing fleshlight tag , became a recurring theme in xkcd, but this seems to be the first time.\n\n