n\nCueball and Megan are lying outside on the grass and looking up at the clouds. Cueball asks Megan what she thinks a particular cloud looks like, following the common human activity of pareidolia, or spotting apparent patterns where there are none (particularly in clouds).\nRather than responding with her own interpretation, Megan takes a picture of the cloud with her phone, and uses Google\'s Search by Image feature. In this feature, the user uploads an image rather than providing a keyword to search on, and is presented with suggestions about the subject of the original image. Google\'s search results reveal that the image Megan uploaded is most probably a photograph of a cloud. While indisputable, this does not address the fanciful dimension of Cueball\'s original question, and highlights the continuing limitations of artificial intelligence with respect to human imagination.\nGoogle image search works by creating a mathematical model of the shapes and colors in the uploaded image, and matching this against images already in its index. Web page analysis then allows Google to guess at what the image is, based on the content of the pages where the matching images were found. Although apparently unimaginative, even humorously so, Google image search does recognize that the subject of Megan\'s photograph is a cloud, which is an achievement that has so far eluded programmers. This was the subject of 1425: Tasks.\nIf the term "cloud computing" is taken entirely literally, and purely in the context of this comic, then the title text merely comments that the processing of an image of a cloud for queries is not at an advanced state yet. It is really, however, a pun on cloud computing, which is a trendy term for the modern tendency of providing massive amounts of digital storage and distributed computing power over the Internet. In this context, the term "cloud" is a metaphor for the way the details of where or how the storage or processing is done are obscured from the user, as if it all takes place inside a cloud. In 2014, cloud computing as a commonly accessible service really is in its relative infancy, being a 21st-century phenomenon, although the concept goes back decades. Java was originally marketed in the 1990s by Sun Microsystems with the slogan "the network is the computer", and the mantra of technologies for distributed computing such as CORBA, EJB and SOAP was "data first" and "the computer is the network".[1]\nIn a way, every conceivable sense of the term cloud computing is utilized in Google\'s image search for Megan\'s cloud image. Cloud computing is also referenced in 908: The Cloud and 1117: My Sky.\nIt might be interesting to note that the month before, in September 2014, Google employees had published work on image recognition and pattern-enhancing algorithms. Originally conceived to allow better enlargements of small pictures and the objects contained in them, the process could be tweaked to overemphasize weak structures in pictures, leading to DeepDream images, which literally did start to "see" distinct, known structures (mostly dogs) even in random noise. This is rather similar to the pastime of looking for known objects in clouds. \n\n\xe2\x86\x91 