n\nThis comic is a part of the Parody Week, just joking about other webcomics. This series was released on 5 consecutive days (Monday-Friday) and not over the usual Monday/Wednesday/Friday schedule and is comprised of the following five parodies:\n\n141: Parody Week: Achewood\n142: Parody Week: Megatokyo\n143: Parody Week: TFD and Natalie Dee\n144: Parody Week: A Softer World\n145: Parody Week: Dinosaur Comics\n\nThis comic is a parody of Joey Comeau and Emily Horne\'s A Softer World webcomic that usually consist of three photos with some white text superimposed over them. The title of the comic is written above, and this has here been replaced with xkcd.\nThe first panel references the Kill command which would be used to turn off the robot every morning. This joke is a reference to the classic Science Fiction theme of robots taking over and killing humans (see for instance 1613: The Three Laws of Robotics).\nThe second and third panels then turn the comic to a more introspective thought per A Softer World\'s usual style. There are two possible meanings of these panels.\nThe first reference human\'s natural reaction to be afraid of love because it requires vulnerability and honesty, which is very difficult. In the comic, they are afraid to tell it to love, because then it would experience these same difficulties and fears.\nThe second meaning deals with Artifical Intelligence (AI); specifically strong AI. The idea is that the AI agent would not only act as if it was intelligent, but truly be intelligent and have emotions and feelings as well. There has been much debate over whether an AI agent could actually feel emotions in the same manner as humans, as well as much consternation over the ethical concerns and moral ramifications it would have. Thus the comic\'s "We\'re afraid to tell it to love."\nThe title text takes love to be an act of love-making instead of an emotional feeling, thus why the robot is pregnant. Given that Randall Munroe has signed the comic (which he normally never does, but what is the style of A Softer World), the title text must be his comment. So he knows the robots pregnant but claims it is not his child. This does not rule out that he has been together with the robot though... Of course this is not possible. But having sex with a robot is the theme in the Android series, and falling in love with one was the theme in the 2nd parody 142: Parody Week: Megatokyo.\n\n