n\n\n\n \n\n This explanation may be incomplete or incorrect: Panel 3 not explained. Has the convention changed? And do anyone use these "ridiculous" constructs "he/she", "s/he", "xe" or "hirs". And what do they even mean/represent? This is not explained just mentioned. Citations neededIf you can address this issue, please edit the page! Thanks.\n\nThis comic is a part of the Parody Week, just joking about other webcomics. This series was released on 5 consecutive days (Monday-Friday) and not over the usual Monday/Wednesday/Friday schedule and is comprised of the following five parodies:\n\n141: Parody Week: Achewood\n142: Parody Week: Megatokyo\n143: Parody Week: TFD and Natalie Dee\n144: Parody Week: A Softer World\n145: Parody Week: Dinosaur Comics\n\nDinosaur Comics is a webcomic by Ryan North. The artwork never changes, save a few rare exceptions, and only the dialogue is different. Randall traced the comic\'s usual artwork, though the drawing of the house about to be squashed in panel 3 is a more rudimentary rendition, and the person about the be squashed in panel 4 has been changed into Cueball rather than a woman in bright yellow and pink clothes.\nFor those who haven\'t read it, this is a typical strip, and here\'s a strip dealing with the same subject as this comic (but posted five years after it). See also this particular example where the title text actually refer to Randall and xkcd.\nRandall makes several shots at recurring themes in Dinosaur Comics. T-Rex, the green Tyrannosaurus, is bold and enthusiastic, discussing various topics, a favorite of which appears to be linguistics (North got his degree in computational linguistics). This time, he is talking about they being used as a third person singular gender-free pronoun and how it should be more widely used, even though its acceptance varies. Dromiceiomimus, the white dinosaur in the third panel, usually responds calmly to T-Rex\'s discussions. Here T-Rex then elaborates on how "They" has been used for centuries (specifically, since the fourteenth century), and only recently has the convention changed (well, relatively - it fell out of "fashion" in the nineteenth century). Also using "They" would avoid "ridiculous" constructs like "he/she", "s/he", "xe" or "hirs", which were specifically created to avoid the singular they.&#91;citation needed&#93;\nUtahraptor, the orange dinosaur, typically contradicts T-Rex, but Randall subverts this pattern and has him agree. The comic suggests that the perpetual disagreement stems from a \'rift\' in the author\'s mind, which would be healed if only he lived in a world where there were a land bridge between Asia and North America.\nIn the last panel, the narrator starts with "In a world\xe2\x80\xa6", a phrase made famous by Don LaFontaine in movie trailers. It remains unclear what is meant by the reference to Dinosaur Comics being set in a world where the land bridge between Asia and North American still exists, as all the dinosaurs in this and therefore all Dinosaur Comics lived in North America in real life (see the wiki links for the three dinosaurs above). It could be understood as it would only be in such a world that the author (Ryan Norths) mind has healed from it\'s rift, and and the war with self-doubt in his subconscious has ended. "In a world..." is also likely a reference to the recurring gag of the comic suddenly jumping to alternate worlds or time periods that have whatever conditions T-Rex and his friends have been discussing, to humorous effect.\nThe last sentence suggest that in this other world everyone is bi-curious. This is a phenomenon in which people of a heterosexual or homosexual identity who, while showing some curiosity for a relationship or sexual activity with a person of the sex they do not favor, distinguish themselves from the bisexual label. Bi-curious has been used as the word of the day two days in a row on May 11th and May 12th 2004. So no wonder Randall put the word in here. The suggestion that "everyone is bi-curious" could be a reference to Arthur C. Clarke\'s book Imperial Earth, where bisexuality is the norm. Deliberately trite and awkward explorations of this subject matter are also a recurring theme in Dinosaur Comics.\nLike xkcd, Dinosaur Comics has title texts. Ryan\'s title texts tend to be bizarre non-sequiturs, and the title text in this parody fits this pattern. It sounds like it was T-Rex who said this, since only a T-rex could swallow a table sized slab of anything, let alone a slab made of drywall.\nT-Rex from Dinosaur Comics later appeared in 1350: Lorenz (see this example story line and also the Dinosaur section under Lorenz themes), where the actual images from the first three panels of Ryan\'s comic are used, rather than like here where Randall copied them himself and in 1452: Jurassic World, where it was the last image from the actual comic that was used.\n\n