n\nUltraviolet light (abbreviated UV light, as in the title of the comic) is a kind of light that is slightly more energetic than the light in the visible portion of the electromagnetic spectrum. Ultraviolet light is normally by itself invisible to human eye, but can induce fluorescense (glowing) of certain organic molecules. A UV flashlight can thus be a means to detect small amounts of blood, semen, and urine on surfaces.\nThe first part of this comic focuses on Megan showing off her new UV flashlight to Cueball by revealing how disgusting their bathroom appears in UV light despite how clean it appears normally. She manages this due to UV light\'s special property of causing chemicals in urine to glow. Both Cueball and Megan are horrified by their discovery. This is a common reaction in the face of more sensitive diagnostic tests. Cueball\'s comment is a reference to the 1979 sci-fi film Alien.\nIn the second part of the comic they realize that their house will never be clean enough. So Megan resolves to burn down the house for the insurance money (i.e. insurance fraud). Cueball is in doubt, but Megan apparently has no morality left. She even proclaims this while pouring some dangerous liquid, probably gasoline, on to the floor of their apartment.\nThe last panel of the comic implies that the two hadn\'t purchased fire insurance beforehand, and plan on purchasing it now, only to make a claim immediately afterwards. At this point Cueball has been won over by Megan\'s plan and tries to help by searching for insurance companies using Google. They wish to find the company that pays out the most. This plan will almost certainly not work since insurance typically only covers events that begin after purchasing the insurance, and does not cover anything that happens before purchasing the insurance, or that is intentionally caused.\nThe title text shows just how distorted Megan\'s and Cueball\'s thinking has become, as one of them suggests burning down all the houses (in their vicinity?) in order to claim the insurance money for them. This plan will also not work. Even if insurance has been purchased for these other homes, the insurance companies will pay the owners of those homes, not Cueball and Megan. Instead, Cueball and Megan would likely be arrested for multiple charges of arson and end up in prison for a very long time.\nThe take home message of this comic must be: Never use a UV light in your bathroom. Maybe Randall did this by mistake causing the creation of this comic.  (Randall has previously warned people about similar diagnostics in 860: Never Do This.)\n\n