n\nThis comic may be a commentary about the uselessness of brainstorming sessions or the bad ideas that come out of them, as they are often started with the phrase \xe2\x80\x9cthere are no bad ideas\xe2\x80\x9d. As the brainstorming session continues the original meaning of the slogan is lost, much like a game of telephone, and the session becomes less productive.\nThe slogan for Kix, "Kid tested, Mother approved," is meant to suggest that children generally enjoy the cereal and their mothers, who are naturally concerned about the health of their children, approve of its ingredients. However, in this brainstorming session, the word "Approved" has apparently not yet been considered. A number of possible words and phrases for the ending have been presented and stricken out, indicating that they were rejected; each one causes the slogan to be subject to increasingly absurd and comedic interpretations:\n\nSelected: This word may have been chosen as a slant rhyme of "Tested". This word shares a definition with "Approved", and states that mothers specifically choose this cereal over others.  This phrase could also suggest that one mother herself had been chosen for some unstated purpose.\nPerfected: It\'s likely that the previous word inspired someone in the brainstorming session to find a similarly positive word that rhymes with "Selected". It states that one or more mothers were directly involved in developing and refining the cereal\'s composition to a high degree. Much like with "Selected", this could also suggest that the mother was somehow improved to perfection during the test.\nNot Notified: Relates to the world of experimental research and clinical trials. This phrase suggests that the children who tested the cereal did not obtain the required consent, which would generally involve notifying and getting permission from both parents.\nWatching Helplessly: Again we can see that in a brainstorming session such the previous option may trigger this one as it is related to the dangers of testing. This phrase suggests that mothers were forced to watch their children test the cereal, and that the cereal or the test is unhealthy or dangerous.\nInfected: This may be intended to show the group dynamic of the brainstorming session as it is inspired by option one and two, as infected rhymes with both selected and perfected, and by the third option as both relate to dangerous testing. This slogan states that an infectious agent was passed to the mother as a result of the test. This could also be interpreted as the mother having introduced the infectious agent into the cereal or testing environment.\n Consumed: Continuing the trend of dark slogans this slogan says that the mothers were themselves consumed, perhaps by their children (by virtue of the mother being an ingredient in the cereal), the cereal itself, or something otherwise related to the test. Another possible interpretation is that the mother ate the cereal after the kid tested it, possibly because the kid did not enjoy the taste.\nFucker: This expletive is often paired with "Mother" to form the compound word "Motherfucker". In this case, the slogan changes to vocative case: "[This cereal has been] Kid Tested, Motherfucker!". This appears to be an "elephant" - a ponderous ending of a joke that contrasts sharply with the refined and mild humor of the previous options. The phrase itself basically only states that a child tested the cereal and implies that nothing else matters.\n\nThe title text conflates the phrase "Kid tested" with college entrance exams such as the Standardized Aptitude Test (SAT) or the ACT. Instead of stating that a child tasted the cereal and gave his or her opinion on its quality, the cereal itself is an academic subject on which the child was tested. Randall, referring to how some parents enroll their children in special classes or schools to prepare them to score well in this type of test, states that his parents extensively prepared him for a college entrance exam about Kix cereal.\nCereal advertising has previously been referenced in 38: Apple Jacks .\n\n