n\nThe microbiome is the collection of bacteria that reside in the human digestive tract. The bacteria perform several vital digestive and immune-support functions. Different compositions of bacteria, collectively referred to as gut flora, can be linked to risk of some diseases, while other compositions are linked to a decreased risk of some diseases and are therefore called "good bacteria". The title "Gut fauna" is a play on words. Fauna means animal life in Latin, and flora means vegetable life. However, in this context flora means bacterial life because, when microscopes were invented, microbial life was considered to be non-animal and therefore classified as "flora". For a good description of the microbiome see The Invisible Universe Of The Human Microbiome.\nIn this comic, Cueball is visiting a doctor (Ponytail) for some unknown problem. The doctor informs him that his gut macrobiome is out of balance, which Cueball responds to with confusion over whether or not she meant the microbiome or macrobiome. A macrobiome, instead of being composed of small organisms such as bacteria, would be composed of larger organisms such as mammals. The phrase "gut fauna" would refer to any animals living inside a gut (as the word fauna refers to animals living in an ecosystem).\nCueball is right to be worried by the doctor\'s reference to his macrobiome, as normal humans shouldn\'t have large animals living inside them&#91;citation needed&#93; with the exception of some parasites such as Helminths or Cestoda, or in some cases, the consumption of live animals such as octopus, shrimp and eels. No animals belong natively in the human digestive system; all known cases of animals living permanently in the human digestive system are causes of disease. His fear is compounded when the doctor prescribes one wolf for Cueball to swallow, which is normally impossible for average humans and would, at the very least, result in major interior (or exterior) damage to Cueball and (possibly) Ponytail when the wolf resists being swallowed. Needless to say this is not common physician practice due to the likely death rate.\nThe choice of a wolf echoes the reintroduction of the animals into the macrobiome of Yellowstone National Park in the United States, where they have improved the balance by, in part, preying on elk and reducing the damage caused by their grazing.\nThe dialog between the characters ends with the doctor asking the patient whether he needs a glass of water, a typical question asked by health professionals (water can help patients swallow oral medication). This last phrase further extends the humorous nature of the proposition to swallow the wolf by displaying a confidence of the doctor in her choice of the treatment modality. In reality, of course, drinking a glass of water while attempting to swallow a wolf would make the latter procedure neither easier, nor more feasible.\nThe title text suggests that swallowing the wolf is not the worst situation that could have occurred, as the doctor refers to "another way" that the wolf could be administered. One typical way that microbiomes are restored is through fecal bacteriotherapy, most easily described as a "poop transfer". It could also mean transferred via suppository. In either case, the worse "other way" that the doctor is referring to is thus likely the rectal route, which (for Randall) is less preferable than attempting to swallow a live wolf. However, either way would prove either physically impossible and/or lethal.\nIf we are to take the doctor at her word that there is indeed some sort of macrobiome inside Cueball\'s gut, then perhaps she has some kind of matter compression ability that would make introducing a live wolf a legitimate therapeutic option.\nRandall has referenced wolf reintroduction programs before, in comic 819: Five-Minute Comics: Part 1.\n\n