n\nIn this comic, Cueball (i.e. Randall) explains that even though he does not care about sports and is tempted to be scornful about others\' obsession with them, he understands that people feel vulnerable about stuff they care about. And he will for sure be fed up with all the talk about the Super Bowl discussions and arguments over the coming weeks. (The comic was released on a Friday two days before Super Bowl XLIX, the final of the 2015 Super Bowl held on 2015-02-01).\nHowever, since other people tolerate his interest in odd things like meteorology and the Philae lander (see 1324: Weather and 1446: Landing), he recognizes that he should show the same consideration to them. (Technically, this an implicit invocation of Immanuel Kant\'s categorical imperative, which, although it makes no reference to the Super Bowl, specifies the general maxim Cueball is following here.)\nIn the last frame, he tells us that instead of celebrating the sports event on Sunday, he will be celebrating friendship (through listening to his friends) and, as a side note, snacking (as they are very frequently brought to Super Bowl-watching events). This suggests that the value of friendship trumps the discomfort of watching human activities that seem uninteresting to him \xe2\x80\x93 and of course, the free snacks also help ameliorate his discomfort.\nThe title text continues the "My Hobby" trope characteristic of some xkcd comics: here, Randall references people who scornfully refer to popular sports such as football, basketball, and/or baseball as "sportsball" and creates discomfort for them by pretending to be interested in this imaginary sport. This makes it appear as though they are in fact interested in sports when they are not, exposing their snobbishness. (This may also be a reference to the Nintendo game by that name.)\nIn a distant past, Cueball spent his time differently during the Super Bowl - see 60: Super Bowl. (This was the second time that two xkcd comics have shared the exact same name). The year after he continued the trend with a Super Bowl related comic to "celebrate" the event: 1640: Super Bowl Context. Between the 2006 comic and this one there were no other Super Bowl related comics coming out in relation to the Super Bowl final.\nSee also 1107: Sports Cheat Sheet and two other comics where he jokes with sport in general: 904: Sports and 1507: Metaball.\n\n