n\nAs explained in the comic, Nixon staffer William Safire wrote two speeches for the United States President to deliver, depending on whether or not the Apollo 11 return launch was successful. When the outcome of an event (moon landing, military actions, etc.) can\'t be predicted with sufficient certainty, it is a common practice for "contingency speeches" to be prepared.\nThe rest of the comic runs with this theme, making the false claim that Safire had written several other such contingency speeches for increasingly unlikely possibilities. First listed are a couple pages from the real contingency speech to be delivered in the event that the astronauts were left stranded on the Moon. Lying on top of that is a speech to be delivered in the case that the spacecraft went missing altogether, which was relatively unlikely. The speeches after that deal with the following highly unlikely or impossible contingencies:\n\nThe astronauts had stolen the ship and piloted it towards Mars, which was clearly not feasible: while the crew could have redirected the ship while sending insulting messages to Earth, the spacecraft lacked the power to fly to Mars within any reasonable period of time by several orders of magnitude or the supplies for the astronauts to survive such an extended trip.\nAt the time of production for this strip in 2015, several governments and private companies have designs on Martian colonization.\n\nMore astronauts than expected were found in the recovered ship;\nThe appearance of three additional astronauts ventures into the realm of possibility normally reserved for science fiction and Twilight Zone episodes.\n\nThe ship had hit the USS Hornet and crushed Nixon;\nThe U.S.S. Hornet was the ship that recovered the Apollo 11 astronauts after they completed their return mission by landing their command module in the Pacific Ocean; President Nixon himself was on board to greet them upon their return. Apollo 11 famously landed in the Pacific Ocean, and the single ship tasked with its recovery would be a very small target to hit for the technology even if that had been the intent, which it was of course not. Spiro Agnew was, in 1969, Vice President of the United States, and thus next in line for the presidency. This joke plays off the extreme improbability of the ship, and indeed President, being hit and triggering a succession, causing "President Agnew" to address the world. \n\nThe re-entry craft had been sold for scrap and crushed along with the astronauts inside.\nApollo 11 observed a strict quarantine procedure after landing. This possibility requires extraordinary incompetence and unholy zeal for recycling programs. The command module was historically recovered, examined, and is now on permanent display in the National Air and Space Museum. Obviously, the astronauts were allowed to leave the craft before it was put on display.\n\n\nThe title text builds upon this last contingency speech, delving into the pathos of the horror of the spacecraft\'s recycling and its passengers\' resulting deaths despite the U.S.\'s commitment to recycling initiatives.\nShortly after this comic was released, in that week\'s What if?, those speeches are referenced with a link to this comic. (see Black Hole Moon).\nThis comic was referenced again in another What If?, Stop Jupiter.\n\n