n\nNote: A flawed version of this comic was posted at first and then quickly a correct version was uploaded. But this gave rise to several misunderstandings and confusion. See the Trivia section below.\nThis comic is a flowchart style, like many. Interestingly, the first option, Do you like flowcharts? loops back to itself if you say Yes. As the yes lines of other options point to the type of graph they describe (for example, the yes line of Do you like line graphs? points to a line graph), this may be interpreted as a recursive reference to the flowchart itself, although it points to the option itself rather than the START node. Also, this may cause the reader who actually likes flow charts to go into an endless loop of choosing Yes, until they are so annoyed by flowcharts that they do not like them anymore and can progress by saying No.\nAfter asking about flowcharts, the reader is asked whether they like line graphs. If they follow the yes line, it becomes a line graph where "Time" is the x-axis and "Your Happiness" is the y-axis, and shows that your happiness increases with time. If you don\'t like line graphs, they are asked the same question about scatter plots where again the lines turn into the points and the axis of such a plot.\nTaking yet another line, the reader is asked "Charge a battery?" If they follow the line marked yes they are asked whether they are A/C or D/C current and are led to a portion of the flowchart which resembles a circuit diagram of a rectifier bridge with a battery connected to it.\nIf the reader follows the "no" line, they are asked if they like spirals. If they choose "no" they are asked to take the path of least resistance. This part of the flowchart resembles a circuit diagram, and the word "resistance" is a pun because resistance can have several meanings. In electricity it is an electrical quantity that measures how the device or material impedes the electric current flow through it. Going left is the "Never" option, which goes through extra resistors and a diode, therefore making the "Yes" option the "path of least resistance". However, when asked if you choose the path of least resistance and answers never it could also mean that you do not try to avoid a little trouble.\nWhether they choose "Yes" or "No", they arrive at "Do you like when people find the golden spiral in random images?" If they choose "yes" the line fades into a drawing of a golden spiral, and we see that the flowchart is structured around it. If they choose "no" they are asked if they are tired of flowcharts. If not, they are taken to the beginning to start over again. If they are tired, the line points to the "random" button on the xkcd website.\nThe title text and the faint image of a golden spiral parody the fact that the golden spiral is superimposed on nearly everything. The golden spiral is a spiral that has the growth rate of the golden ratio, a number that has inspired both artists and mathematicians alike. However, people try to find the golden ratio in seemingly random objects, and they fall to confirmation bias when drawing a golden spiral on top that seemingly fits. The comic links to [1], where one can see exactly that- golden spirals Randall "found" in random photographs. This may be a spoof of the viral video Illuminati Confirmed. The limit of consecutive terms of the Fibonacci sequence is equal to the golden ratio, so it matches up almost perfectly for a good reason, unlike the coincidental matchings of the pictures in the mobile site link.\nThis comic bears reminiscence of 730: Circuit Diagram, although it is not exactly the same idea.\n\n