n\nIn this comic, Megan is preparing a sample of what appears to be some mineral for elemental analysis. It seems to be some kind of silicate containing a small amount of iron (a common example of this would be red sandstone), and she is running a test to see if it contains beryllium (a rarer element whose best-known natural form is as a component of emerald).\nBeret Guy seems to be able to tell what elements the substance is composed of just by eyeballing it, making him perhaps the perfect elemental analysis instrument. To confirm this, Megan asks Beret Guy what he sees when he looks at her face, expecting that a normal person would describe the arrangement of colors that they see. Since Beret Guy only sees the atoms Megan is composed of (mostly oxygen, carbon and hydrogen) he only notices the unusual atoms. In this case he sees the metal atoms her dental fillings are composed of. This shows his "atomic vision" extends beyond the surface of the substances. Megan finds this bizarre and asks Beret Guy what is wrong with him. He states that he suspects people think he is weird because he contains too much zinc, missing Megan\xe2\x80\x99s point: what is weird is not Beret guy\xe2\x80\x99s zinc content, but his ability to apparently see everything as clouds of atoms.\nHigh zinc intake (zinc toxicity) can cause nausea, vomiting, pain, cramps and diarrhea. It also reduces copper absorption, which affects the immune system.\nThe comic continues the theme of Beret Guy\xe2\x80\x99s naive misunderstandings of scientific terminology turning to be literally true: in a previous comic his ill-informed misinterpretation of the notion of energy in the vacuum resulted in him gaining significant superpowers.\nIn the title text, the concept is taken even further: Beret Guy found his dad indistinguishable from a dog: likely because skin and fur are mostly made of keratin, which is an organic mix primarily made up of carbon, hydrogen, nitrogen, and sulfur that would make all mammals look similar.\nHe could, however, apparently distinguish his mother because she contained plutonium.  This is a very unusual occurrence that cannot possibly occur naturally in humans.  Several possible explanations have been proposed:\n1) She had an RTG-powered pacemaker (a few hundred were made in the 1970s).\n2) She lived near Los Alamos during the second world war and was a member of the UPPU club (translated as \xe2\x80\x9cYou pee Pu!\xe2\x80\x9d).  Alternatively, she could have been exposed to another source such as radioactive contamination from the Rocky Flats Plant.\n3) She was one of The Stepford Wives robots.\n4) She was the victim of some unidentified, unethical medical experimentation. \nIt is also possible that the presence of plutonium in his mother may be the source of his own differences: radioactive exposure (in this case, potentially in utero) is a common source of super powers in comic books and other fiction.  However, there is not a clear link between maternal plutonium and Beret Guy\'s "too many zincs".\nOne explanation for Beret Guy having too much zinc could be that his mother\'s plutonium changed into zinc through the process of radioactive decay.\nThe English physicist Henry Moseley discovered the law relating the atomic number of elements with their characteristic x-rays when bombarded by free electrons, providing physical evidence for the periodic table, the Bohr Model of the atom and the concept of atomic number. In doing so he developed a method of identifying elements in a substance by bombarding them in a vacuum with electrons and using x-ray diffraction methods to measure the resulting X-rays. A famous French chemist brought him a complicated mixture of Rare Earth elements, many of which had only recently been discovered, to test his method. Within a short time, Mosley amazed the chemist by identifying all the elements by number using his method and referring to his chart to name them. This comic may therefore be subtly alluding to this method by suggesting that Beret Guy\'s eyes can fire electrons at anything he looks at and "read" the resulting X-ray radiation, giving him the ability to identify the composite elements in a similar manner.\n\n