n\n  Sir Terry in 2012\nThis comic is a tribute to the late Sir Terry Pratchett. It came out the day after the renowned fantasy author died.\nThe comic quotes a (slightly abridged) passage from Wings, one of the three books of The Bromeliad Trilogy (also known as The Nome Trilogy), a series of children\'s books by Sir Terry.\nDuring the first five panels of the comic Cueball reads the quoted passage in his book Wings. This passage describes what Masklin thinks about when he told Grimma that they "were going to get married, and all she could talk about was frogs." He then recounts what she told him about a type of tree frog that are found in bromeliad flowers where they lay their eggs, which hatch into tadpoles, and then live most of their lives in a single plant. See a description of this plot point when it happened in Diggers. She\xe2\x80\x94amongst other things\xe2\x80\x94muses about the fact that they are blind to the rest of the Universe, and that most people are blind to them.\nAfter reading this Cueball puts the book down and walks off, and soon finds that he himself has been living at the bottom of a flower much like the frogs in the bromeliad. This is an allegory for a common praise of the best fantasy and science-fiction writing: That by reflecting our own world in a different context, it allows us to better see ourselves. In the allegory, Cueball\'s journey to the edge of the leaf is a representation of broadening one\'s horizons, perhaps even in ways that are somewhat frightening.\nOn a more literal level, the concept of living on a flat surface with a precipice at the edge is explored at length in the Discworld series, Pratchett\'s most iconic work. Both this series (wanting to own it all) and the space all of Terry Pratchett\'s books would take up on a bookshelf are the subject of 625: Collections.\nThe title text continues, more directly, the point previously made allegorically. It thanks the late Sir Terry, noting that his fictional worlds allowed us to better see the real world. "How big our world is" also ties into another point raised in the quoted passage, that there are countless amazing things happening around us all the time without our knowledge.\nTerry Pratchett was also referenced in panel 18 of 1052: Every Major\'s Terrible.\nA similar tribute comic was also dedicated to Steve Jobs, the day after he died, in 961: Eternal Flame, and to Gary Gygax, three days after he died, in 393: Ultimate Game.\n\n