n\nOn a UNIX computer system, users can be assigned to all kinds of rights, for example rights to access to certain directories and files to execute certain commands. The sudo command lets certain (authorized) users override these policies by executing the command (everything after the word "sudo" on the command line) as the root user. Root (sometimes called the superuser) has complete system powers, exempt from all access controls. One very common activity for UNIX administrators is to install or configure software using the UNIX make command, e.g. % make install.  Often this command requires administrative permissions in order to complete successfully, which in practice means the "make this" command will fail unless it is typed as "sudo make this" instead. Forgetting to start the command with "sudo" is a fairly common and frustrating mistake for people who administer UNIX systems or their personal Linux computer. They then need to repeat the command with "sudo", whereupon the computer responds obediently and everything works smoothly.\nCueball is demanding a sandwich from his friend. Not being properly asked, the friend denies the request. Cueball then (ab)uses the sudo command on the friend, who then has no choice but to go and make the sandwich and now does so without complaint, because Cueball has all the rights. For anyone versed in installing system software with the make command, this exchange is intensely reminiscent of the analogous onscreen experience.\nSimon Says is a children\'s game in which a leader gives various commands which must be followed if and only if (iff) the leader prefixes the command with "Simon says". The title text compares the way the computer will run some commands if they are preceded with "sudo" to the way Simon Says players are supposed to follow orders if (and only if) they are preceded with "Simon says".\nAlternatively, the title text might merely be referring to the similarity between Cueball ordering his friend around with "sudo" to the Simon Says game leader ordering other players around. Wikipedia suggests the "Simon" in the name of the game may be the powerful lord Simon de Montfort, or a corruption of Cicero, both of whom were influential politicians of their day.\n\n