n\nIt has been said that maps with the south pole at the top will "change your perspective of the world". Such a map can easily be achieved by simply rotating a normal map 180 degrees, though the text labels would also be upside-down and perhaps harder to read. A Google Images search reveals many examples of upside-down maps with the text oriented correctly for reading. 977: Map Projections is also relevant.\nThis map is a comedic play on that where instead of the whole map being upside-down, each land mass is in the same position it would be in a traditional north-top map but rotated 180 degrees (presumably around some central point of the landmass) to the orientation it would have in a south-top map. Note that individual islands are rotated about their own centers, not following the rotation of the neighboring continent; however, some are displaced as necessary to keep them from being overlapped by the rotated continents. For instance, Madagascar would be overlapped by the Sahara if it remained in position, but is instead displaced eastward to keep it in the Indian Ocean. On the other hand, all the islands of the Mediterranean Sea have disappeared under Asia.\nAsia is so broad that almost the entire Indochinese Peninsula (with for instance Vietnam and Thailand) has been rotated out of the top of the map. Similarly, the map omits Antarctica in the south.\nTo keep their familiar shapes on a rectangular map, the continents would also have to be heavily distorted compared to their actual shapes, becoming much narrower (along the lines of latitude) near the poles and wider towards the equator. See also 977: Map Projections.\nThe basic climates for several areas would be distinctly different. For example, the formerly-Central America area would be in the arctic zone while Siberia would be subtropical.\nThis arrangement of the world\'s land masses would have great advantages for trade, because there are (presumably navigable) straits between the Americas and between Africa and Asia, removing the need for the Panama Canal and the Suez Canal.\nThe title text references the fact that in this new map, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (UK) is now next to Asia, specifically the Korean Peninsula. North Korea, is mentioned in the text, having a history of hostile relations with nearby countries. However, on this map North Korea would be the part of Korea we today know as South Korea, Further, Northern Ireland is now at the south of the island of Ireland, so the UK\'s full name would need to change to The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Southern Ireland. There have been several wars concerning the English Channel, mainly, but not only, between England and France. Likewise there has been a history of animosity between Korea and Japan, separated by a similar body of water. Since a channel now, on this world map, exists between the UK and North Korea (the real world\'s South Korea) there could obviously have been many wars for the dominance over said channel.\nAlong the same line of thinking, interesting speculations could be made from the following "new" facts:\n\nCuba is now off the east coast (formerly west coast) of Canada (and USA).\nJapan is next to the coast of Portugal and Spain.\nMadagascar lies next to Morocco and Mauritania on the east coast (formerly west coast) of Sahara.\nTaiwan is now next to France. It is though doubtful whether they get along any better with the French than with the mainland Chinese.\nGreenland lies next to Mexico.\nSri Lanka is located next to the Yamalsky District of Russia.\nThe island Tierra del Fuego, an island just south of the southern tip of South America, which is divided between Argentina and Chile is now located in a similar manner next to Colombia and Venezuela. So it would probably have been divided between these two countries.\nThe Falkland Islands (not named in the map, they are probably represented by the single island above the T in Tierra) where Argentina and UK have an ongoing sovereignty dispute now could be claimed by Ecuador or Peru.\nThe Mediterranean islands seem to have vanished entirely, as they are now in approximately the same place as Mongolia.\n\n