n\nThis comic is talking about the robotic science platform Opportunity. On January 25, 2004, the Opportunity rover landed on the surface of Mars for the purpose of gathering data about the surface of Mars. Opportunity has proven remarkably robust, and the comic extrapolates the rover\'s resilience to absurdity for comedic effect. As of the release date of this comic in 2015, the Opportunity rover is still alive and moving. \nThe comic depicts the two scientists Ponytail and Hairbun at ground control being amazed at this fact already in 2010, and (maybe the same two) scientists continue to debate this at present day in the second panel.\nThey mention another Martian rover, Spirit that was also sent to Mars on the same date as Opportunity. Unfortunately, it became stuck and a sand storm covered its solar panels. On March 22, 2010, it was thought that Spirit\'s batteries finally ran out, marking the end of its mission. This was covered in 695: Spirit, in which the Spirit rover is also portrayed with an anthropomorphic personality.\nHowever, in 2023, Opportunity has apparently become so powerful that it has become dangerous, presumably cannibalizing or destroying the rover sent in 2020.  Cueball and Megan note it even continues to operate without its original battery, suggesting it has developed a new power source.  This evolution is similar to the stories of HAL 9000 (from 2001: A Space Odyssey) and V\'Ger (from Star Trek: The Motion Picture), both of which became dangerous to human beings.\nBy 2450, humans have colonized and terraformed Mars. Maybe it is the 2023 Cueball and Megan\'s descendants that are looking out over their huge "kingdom" from the capital on Mars. However Opportunity is by now dominating half of the planet and will not allow humans to enter its dark reign. \n"Everything the light touches" is a reference to a line by Mufasa in The Lion King. Mufasa\'s son Simba then asks "What about that shadowy place?" and Mufasa tells him "That is beyond our borders. You must never go there". This was used again in 1608: Hoverboard, where Cueball tells the same line to Ponytail in the left part of the world.\nThe title text forecasts the first words of the first astronauts on the surface of Mars. At first, the astronaut copies the first words of Neil Armstrong on the Moon ("That\'s one small step for [a] man, one giant leap for mankind") but it is interrupted by the Opportunity rover. On board the rover is a drill used for sampling rocks, but here it is heavily suggested that Opportunity uses the drill to attack the astronaut.\n\n