n\nOntology is the study of being, reality, and existence. "The ontological argument" is an attempt at proving the existence of God through reasoning about the nature of "being".\nMegan\'s statement in the comic is likely a reference to what is considered the first ontological argument, that of 11th Century philosopher Anselm of Canterbury. His argument starts by defining God as "that than which nothing greater can be conceived". Another step in the argument is that you can conceive of such a being even if you don\'t believe it exists. Another step is the statement that a being of which one can conceive and which exists is certainly greater than a being of which one can conceive and which does not exist.\nThe comic makes fun of Anselm\'s ontological argument by extending to absurdity the claim that a being who exists is greater than one who does not exist, therefore God must exist. A God who can disprove the ontological argument must be greater than one who cannot disprove the ontological argument, therefore the ontological argument proves the existence of a God that disproves it.\nThe comic also may be drawing an analogy to the omnipotence paradox.\nThe title text carries the absurdity a step further.\nRichard Dawkins, in his book "The God Delusion" takes a similar approach in a parody of Anselm\'s ontological argument that attempts to prove that God does not exist. In Dawkins\' version\xe2\x80\x94borrowed from the Australian philosopher Douglas Gasking\xe2\x80\x94God\'s greatness is demonstrated by his creation of the world. A being that overcomes the great handicap of not existing and goes on to create the world is obviously greater than a being that exists who creates the world. Therefore, God, who by definition is "that than which nothing greater can be conceived" must not exist. A rather more famous parody is Gaunilo of Marmoutiers\', where he argues for the existence of a maximally great island. When taking into account the comic with this argument, it seems that we now know what happened to Atlantis.\nNot all ontological arguments for the existence of God rely on the notion that a God that exists is greater than one that does not exist. Examples include the modal ontological argument from Alvin Plantinga, or G\xc3\xb6del\'s ontological proof. Graham Oppy, an authority on ontological arguments, here attempts to classify what exactly makes arguments ontological; he concludes that it is that they are a priori in nature. He also classifies them into eight categories, definitional, conceptual, modal, Meinongian, experiential, mereological, higher order, and Hegelian.\nThis comic, in particular the way Megan and Cueball are walking and its reference to theology, greatly resembles the earlier comic 1315: Questions for God.\n\n