n\nThis comic is about the apprehension of asking for help from an expert who is a friend. Often we fear that we will be judged and they will think less of us, which is what occurs in this comic.\nPonytail is about to look at some source code Cueball has written, and he is warning her that he is self-taught so his code probably won\'t be written the way she is used to.\nIn spite of Ponytail\'s initial (polite) optimism, she comments in three increasingly harsh similes (and a fourth in the title text). The comic was later followed in 1695: Code Quality 2, where Cueball is never shown on screen but only replies off-screen to four more even harsher comments (plus a fifth in the title text), taking the total of her abusive comments up to nine!\nFirst, she suggests that reading his code is like being in a house built by a child, using a small axe to put together what he thought was a house based on a picture. She is saying that the code shows a lack of command of the language being programmed. This is like the common expression "if the only tool you have is a hammer, you\'ll treat everything as if it were a nail". New programmers make use the same techniques repeatedly, making them fit for situations that they are not intended for.\nSecond, she suggests that it looks like a salad recipe, written by a corporate lawyer on a phone with autocorrect that only corrected things to formulas from Microsoft Excel. She is saying that the code is verbose and the corrections that were done are illogical. This presumably relates to the developer not being an expert in their craft, and fixing the problems as they come up instead of reexamining the problem and solving it in a better way.\nThird, she describes it as a transcript of a couple arguing at IKEA, which was then randomly edited until the computer compiled it with no errors. She is saying that the intent of the code is unclear due to the seemingly random use of the language. This is very similar to an infinite amount of monkeys bashing away on typewriters for an infinite amount of time eventually producing the complete works of Shakespeare. (A couple\'s argument may be even less coherent at Ikea than at the average store, since Ikea products have idiosyncratic names that are difficult to pronounce or transcribe for anyone who doesn\'t speak Swedish.) This might happen if the code was written so bad that it does not compile, and people edited the code until it compiles so they can see what the code accomplishes. That Cueball\'s code is in this bad a shape indicates he really hasn\'t learned the programming language; he just happens to have a program that works in some shape or fashion. \nFinally, Cueball makes the rather weak assurance that he will read "a style guide", which articulates the intended use of the language. It seems clear from Ponytail\'s commentary that his code quality would benefit from far more training in computer programming.\nThe title text refers to emoji. Ponytail\'s comment implies that some of Cueball\'s variables contained emoji, perhaps in an effort to capture the emotional content of the arguments which show through the requirements document. Emoji has become a recurrent theme on xkcd, but this may have been the first comic to use them for a pun.\n\n