n\nIn this comic Cueball is repeatedly attempting to make a size comparison between the Earth and the Moon. But he only gets to say If the Earth were the size of a basketball, the Moon would be-. Then he is interrupted again and again. (See the title text of 1074: Moon Landing for the same Earth comparison).\nA basketball is about 25&#160;cm in diameter and from this it can be inferred that the Moon should then be less than 7&#160;cm in diameter, a typical size for other smaller balls in different sports. Cueball handily illustrates this with two "balls" of the relevant sizes. At first you think that they just look like the Earth and the Moon. But they are invisibly suspended, and \xe2\x80\x94 as seems clear from the first row of panels \xe2\x80\x94 they are actually the real Moon and Earth shrunk to the relevant size, hence the title Basketball Earth.\nThis would place Cueball and his "friends" in God-like positions, outside Earth. Maybe they are even in a different dimension, since they can stand and observe the system.\nBut before Cueball can finish with this common type of comparison, he is interrupted and must begin all over again. We thus never learn what object he would have compared the Moon with. It seems, likely, however that he would use another ball for the comparison. And the best ball to use would be a tennis ball. See the same sort of comparison of Earth/Moon with basketball/tennis ball in this illustrative video that asks the question: How far away is the Moon?. From this it is also obvious that the system Cueball shows is not to scale with regard to that distance, which should be 7.37 m! This is not necessarily a mistake of the comic, since Cueball never claims that these two balls are in orbit or that they are even the real ones. He is just (in vain) trying to make a size comparison of the two. (Though perhaps further exposition and demonstration might take place after the size comparison.)\nA basketball has an average diameter of 24.6&#160;cm (9.7&#160;inches) vs. a tennis ball, which has an average diameter of 6.7&#160;cm (2.6&#160;inches). The ratio between these two diameters is 0.273, which is the same (to three digits) as the ratio given on the Wikipedia page for the Moon: Mean radius 1737.10&#160;km (0.273&#160;Earths). If he had used a baseball, which is slightly larger, this would still be good enough for demonstrative purposes, as it would have been with an apple.\nIt is common to describe the relationship between very large (and very small) objects by analogy to common objects on a more human scale. Here is a similar example where someone has made a comparison of the sizes of the Solar system based on a Sun the size of a basketball. And here, coming from smaller scales, is an example that states the following: "Imagine an atom magnified to the size of a football stadium. The nucleus of the atom would be the size of a pea in the centre of the stadium."\nIt is almost certainly not a coincidence that this comic was released on Earth Day, which is celebrated annually on April 22 to demonstrate support for environmental protection. This seems to be something that Randall cares about a lot, as he has made several comics demonstrating the need for the human race to begin taking better care of our globe. See, for instance, 1321: Cold and 1379: 4.5 Degrees.\nThis comic clearly demonstrates four examples where the inhabitants of Earth did not take care of the well being of our globe, although here on a somewhat grander scale than what individuals can usually do. The typical case is that people did not do this out of bad intentions, but only because they were careless, curious, playful, or just plain stupid.\nThis comic may be seen as a spiritual successor to 445: I Am Not Good with Boomerangs and its follow-up, 475: Further Boomerang Difficulties in depicting various failed outcomes to the same opening panel.\n\n