n\nWaking up to an alarm can be annoying, especially when it is your partner\'s alarm, and they are slow to wake up and even then have difficulty figuring out how to turn the alarm off. This comic takes this situation to a ridiculous extreme, from whence the comic derives its humor, especially when paired with the title describing this situation as a "Typical Morning Routine". Of course the typical could refer only to the part of the "routine" until the phone is dropped into an air vent.\nIn this comic, Hairy with morning hair is shown using his phone as his alarm clock. Another unseen person is sharing the bed with Hairy and growing more irate as Hairy\'s alarm continues beeping.\nEven simple actions like turning off a smartphone alarm can be easily fumbled by a just-awakened groggy person. In this case, Hairy accidentally exited the alarm app without stopping the alarm. In some OSes, simply exiting the app doesn\'t close it, requiring you to use the app switcher to close it.\nAfter giving up on shutting down the alarm the usual way, Hairy, in annoyance, decides to remove the battery, which will disable the phone\'s entire operation. However, while trying to remove the battery in the dark, he accidentally drops his device down a floor air vent (most likely part of forced air central heating common in North America) next to the bed. While the vent is covered by a grille, it is apparently coarse enough (or perhaps missing a few pieces, creating a large hole) to allow the phone to pass through if it falls at a particular location and angle. Also, the vent apparently does not descend very far before bending, allowing the phone to survive the fall intact.\nAs of when this comic was posted, Randall uses both iOS and Android according to 1508: Operating Systems\xe2\x80\x94although there is no reason to be certain that the character in this comic is using the same operating systems as Randall. However, the fact that Hairy tries to remove the battery strongly suggests it cannot be an iOS device, given that all iOS devices have non-removable batteries.\nIf he were a little handy, Hairy might be able to open the vent and retrieve the phone\xe2\x80\x94or perhaps not, if the phone slid further into the ventwork or Hairy lacked the necessary tools. Instead of trying to physically recover the phone, Hairy attempts to remotely brick the phone from his laptop, permanently disabling all its functions (including the alarm app).\nThis attempt fails because Hairy had accidentally put the device into airplane mode before dropping his phone, thereby cutting off all wireless communications with the device and preventing any attempt at remote control. Airplane mode also has the unfortunate (in this situation) side effect of increasing the phone\'s battery life (though playing loud sounds incessantly should still limit it to a day or so, notwithstanding the pessimistic assessment of Hairy\'s companion).\nRather than finding a solution to the problem with the phone, Hairy proposes that they just move out instead.\nRelevant for the title text: There is a semi-common logic puzzle involving a ping-pong ball falling down a pipe with a kink in it. In this puzzle, the solution is to pour water into the pipe until the ping-pong ball floats up.\nIn the title text, one of the two characters remembers this problem and attempts to apply it to this situation. Since phones do not float in water, a modified version is proposed using mercury instead. The phone would certainly float on mercury, as it is a very dense liquid (the only metal that is liquid at room temperature).\nThe extremely toxic nature of mercury makes pouring it into the air supply a very dangerous idea. Also the required amount of mercury would be extremely expensive. The weight of the mercury would also be substantial (1 gallon = 113 lb), and would likely break something in the air duct system. Both mercury and water could also push the phone further into the duct system instead of bringing it back. The end of the title text, declaring that the mercury idea would definitely make this situation better and not worse could be either a sarcastic commentary on these problems or a desperate attempt to bolster confidence that this extreme solution will work when everything else has failed.\nGiven that Hairy was willing to sacrifice the phone anyway (by attempting to brick it), he would probably be better off pouring water down the vent\xe2\x80\x94it wouldn\'t bring the phone within reach, but it would disable and thereby silence it (unless the phone is completely waterproof, which most phones aren\'t, especially those where the battery can be removed).\nOf course, Hairy probably wouldn\'t have gotten into this mess if he had not just been awakened brutally by a very loud alarm, making it difficult to think clearly (or, alternatively, if he just had a standard alarm clock that he could have unplugged or even a mechanical one that he could, say, hit with a hammer until it broke; or just flip the off switch).\nThis comic follows a similar storyline to 349: Success and 530: I\'m An Idiot, as Cueball, like Hairy here, encounters an issue and attempts progressively more absurd solutions to the issue. Hairy, himself, has also tried to go out of such a tangent before in 761: DFS.\n\n