n\nIn this comic, Megan pulls a sword out of a stone. A flash of light comes down and music plays, and a heavenly voice tells her she has ascended to the throne of England. Megan then pulls out her phone and searches on Wikipedia for England (proving the comic takes place in a time period with Wikipedia). After having read for a while she begins, while reading on, to replace the sword into the rock.\nThe comic references the fables of King Arthur and the Knights of the Round Table. In Arthurian legend, whoever can remove The Sword in the Stone is the lawful king of Britain (although this comic, like some versions of the legend, refers only to England). Arthur is an orphan being raised in secret; he notices the sword, removes it, and is proclaimed king. The sword is sometimes identified as Excalibur, although in other versions Excalibur was acquired by King Arthur from the Lady of the Lake. The most familiar version of this story is The Sword in the Stone by T. H. White which is based on Le Morte d\'Arthur by Sir Thomas Malory. The animated musical by Walt Disney is a well known version of this fairytale based on White\'s book.\nA key element in the joke is that as Megan begins to read about England, especially information concerning being an English ruler, she quickly thinks better of this and begins to put the sword back in its place. The punchline that Megan puts the sword back after reading about England suggests that the "gift" of being the leader of England is not worth the risk and/or work associated. British history is rife with monarchic strife, and a brief inquiry into their causes of death will show that almost one in three British rulers have died either in battle or from murder, etc. This would quickly lead most sane people to conclude that the risks associated with ruling England far outweigh the benefits.\nThe title text furthers this plot, having Megan comment on the hassle when the only thing she was interested in was the cool sword. Apparently Megan is not enthusiastic about power, and her choice is made when she sees how problematic it could be to reign over the country of England. There is also a subtle play on the fact that in the T. H. White version, Arthur likewise is unaware of the significance of pulling the sword from the stone; he is simply looking for a sword to replace the one belonging to his step-brother Kay that was stolen under his watch, to avoid embarrassment and reproach.\nFrom the time of the Roman Empire all the way up to Charles II\'s reclamation of the throne, the area now known as England has seen several migration waves, Viking raids, invasions and fierce power struggles among aristocratic families. Besides the constant threat of usurpation, as evidenced by the numerous wars for the crown, such as the Norman conquest and the War of the Roses, there were also constant difficulties in managing the frontier regions. This can be seen from Hadrian\'s Wall, a creation of the titular Roman Emperor designed to keep the ever difficult Scots out of the areas of Roman control (the Scots would be a constant problem for England up until the reign of King James VI and I; think of the movie Braveheart for a good example of the regular headaches they caused, seen from the English point of view), as well as the Welsh uprisings that occurred with such consistency that you could set your watch by them.\nIt is worth emphasizing that the term "England" is anachronistic in this context. At the time Arthur supposedly existed, there was no England \xe2\x80\x94 England was formed by Germanic tribes who settled in Britain between the fifth and seventh centuries. In many of the stories, including the earliest, Arthur was in fact was depicted as a leader of the native Romano-Britons in their attempts to repel these invaders. England would not exist had Arthur succeeded. The anachronism is not new; it entered Arthurian legend in the Middle Ages. (Thomas Malory\'s Le Morte d\'Arthur, for example, refers to Arthur as King of England.) In Arthurian legend it was stated that Arthur would return when needed (in some versions he was explicitly associated with the Mab Darogan, a Welsh Messianic figure who would finally drive the English out of Britain and reclaim it for the native Britons).  It is possible that Megan in this comic is a 21st-century reincarnation of Arthur.\nThe timing of this comic might relate to the birth of princess Charlotte Elizabeth Diana on May 2, 2015 just four days before this comic, and the burden of a royal of having a whole life in public shaking hands of strangers. Since 2013 the line of succession was changed to absolute primogeniture, meaning that she will keep her current position in the line (4th after her older brother) even if she later gets baby brothers. Before this year, that would not have been the case, as the male gender took rank over birth order.\nIt is also probably not a coincidence that this comic was published the day before the UK General Election, occurring on May 7, 2015. This election decides the modern-day leader of the UK. And the problems they face today, may even be more likely to cause Megan to give away the throne, than the risk of untimely death she would have faced in Arthur\'s days.\nA similar Wikipedia gag appears in 911: Magic School Bus.\n\n