n\nFor objects at a great distance one can achieve a better view by using a telescope as it is the typical method in Astronomy. Looking through a lens or a microscope in biology and other disciplines does magnify short distant objects. And a magnifying glass works more like a microscope when your eye lense is close to the focus of the magnifying glass, but when looking at distant objects you have to increase the distance between the glass and your eye where the focal length of your magnifying glass must be increased to meters instead of centimetres or less on a close view. But in general a Galilean Telescope works at the same principle as a magnifying glass together with your eye lens, the magnifying glass only has to have a long focal length which is optimized for far distances.\nIn the comic, the objects being viewed by Megan could be stars, galaxies and the planets of our Solar System. Megan takes approach by telescope. Beret Guy attempts approach it using a step-ladder to get closer to the stars, and then looking at them through his simple hand-held magnifying glass. This approach could be successful only if the stars were a few meters away, so that the ladder would take him within a few centimeters of the study object. In fact the visible stars are several light years away (typically 18-20 orders of magnitude further away) and getting two meters up on a ladder won\'t make any perceivable difference.\nThe title text assumes (for comic effect) that the only thing wrong with Beret Guy\'s strategy is the instability of the ladder endangering the expensive microscopes used by biologists for Astrobiology. Astrobiology is the study of life (or the possibility thereof) elsewhere in the universe, and here it would be either the planets and moons in our Solar System or exoplanets they needed to look at. This is the second comic related to studying exoplanets in two weeks, the first being 1517: Spectroscopy (see more references there).\nSince we cannot go there, they do, of course, not use any microscopes in the direct studies. However, one typical magnifier in biology is the electron microscope, used to study microbiology, and they cost a lot and are very heavy. They are therefore implausible to carry up a ladder and it could possibly become very expensive if you did try it anyway.\nIt might be interesting to note that a lot of developments in "terrestrial" biology (called biology here on Earth), were made by the use of a simple microscope (similar to a magnifying lens), so Beret Guy\'s approach might be an attempt to build on that.\n\n