n\nA tournament bracket shows the planned series of matchups in a tournament. In this comic Randall has shown a plan for a tournament between a wide range of cultural icons, both real and fictional, based mostly on similarities in their names. Various Internet groups have speculated on who would win in a fight between characters from different films. It may be relevant that the film Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice is soon to be released where the two eponymous superheroes, Batman and Superman, fight against each other.\nThe individual starting pairings are generally based on common or similar given names or surnames. Some adjacent brackets are "segued" by someone like Jeff Daniels, who segues from a bracket of "Jeff"s into a bracket of "Daniels"es. The bracket itself is fairly arbitrary. Most initial matchups are pairs, although several are trios and there\'s a quadruplet in the Russels group, while a single entry, Beyonc\xc3\xa9, is given a first- and second-round bye. Most of the participants in the tournament are people, with a few exceptions. Shallots (small onions), scallops (bivalve mollusks), and scallions (green onions) are similar sounding foods, therefore may be confusing for some individuals (perhaps including Randall). The final grouping on the lower right of the bracket features a several retail stores and a film.\nThe title text possibly refers to Dr. Dre, particularly as a reference to his 2001 song "Forgot About Dre". Alternatively, the title text could simply be a reference to the large number of pop culture personas that include the word "Doctor", such as Doctor House, Dr. Oz, Dr. Phil, Dr. Watson, "Doc" Brown, Dr. Seuss, Dr Pepper, Doctor Doom, Dr. Zoidberg, Dr. Horrible\'s Sing-Along Blog and many others. Another simpler explanation is that it would cause the reader to question "Doctor Who?" answering their own question.\nThe incentive for the comic may have been the French Open 2015, which started on the day of the publication.\nThe comic inspired several groups to play out versions of the bracket.  One user-voting based match-up on twitter, XKCD Bracket, was featured by Randall on the xkcd home page, with a link at at the top of the website, although the account was not created by Randall. (The link was part of a "news" flash, the other was regarding his book based on 1133: Up Goer Five. See more on this news in that comics explanation). In the final match on July 29, Neil Armstrong defeated Mister Spock (see the complete bracket). The link was removed sometimes before Monday, 10 August 2015, within two weeks of the final result was revealed.\n\n