n\nFor some modern songs, the vocalist chooses to perform the track in a way that emphasizes emotion, accent or style over clear pronunciation of the lyrics. Some forms of music, for example the Jazz style Scat, use purely nonsensical lyrics while some styles of dance music use a single line of lyrics repeated throughout the track.\nThere are also certain types of people that may describe themselves as "lyric deaf", which is sort of the lyrical equivalent to being tone deaf, although it doesn\'t have an underlying medical understanding. Some people that describe themselves as tone deaf are even quite musically capable.\nThe comic is illustrating (in text form) how listening to such a song feels before you have learned what the actual lyrics are. The lyrics are represented in an indecipherable way, with a few mildly recognizable words. This represents the auditory experience of being able to hear and understand some words (perhaps incorrectly), but not all of them.\nAnother example of this experience can be seen in this British TV commercial from the 1980s, showing someone who has misheard Desmond Dekker song Israelites so for instance the line Poor me Israelites becomes Oh-oh my ears are alight. See more details in the trivia section.\nThis experience is similar to that shown by the character Havelock Vetinari the Patrician of Ankh-Morpork, in Terry Pratchett\'s Discworld book Soul Music (see part of book here). Rather than listening to music, he preferred to read the printed sheet music:\n\nIn fact the kind of music he really liked was the kind that never got played. It ruined music, in his opinion, to torment it by involving it on dried skins, bits of dead cat and lumps of metal hammered into wires and tubes. It ought to stay written down, on the page, in rows of little dots and crotchets, all neatly caught between lines. Only there was it pure. It was when people started doing things with it that the rot set in. Much better to sit quietly in a room and read the sheets, with nothing between yourself and the mind of the composer but a scribble of ink. Having it played by sweaty fat men and people with hair in their ears and spit dribbling out of the end of their oboe... well, the idea made him shudder.\n\nFor a related experience see Mondegreen.\nThe title text elaborates on the fact that Randall has the same experience when trying to understand song lyrics as when he sees text in his dreams. The last part of the title text is written in strange scripts to illustrate how he feels when seeing text in his dreams. Translated it says: it\'s hard to read and I can\'t focus.\nNote that it looks like the song lyrics were written by drawing in a tool, like MS Paint, and then cutting out pieces and shifting them slightly.\n\n