n\nCueball is in a job interview and is being asked stereotypical job interview questions by Ponytail, "What is your greatest weakness?", "What is your greatest strength?" and "Where do you see yourself in five years?"\nIn a roundabout way, Cueball answers that he is a living organism, and as such he has inherent flaws which could cause him to die. This is a reference to the fact that biological systems are "messy" and are not always optimal in design or operation.  For example, cancer is a disease where the cellular machinery that governs cell replications breaks down and prolific cell division happens, endangering the organism through the creation of tumors. While this is a true weakness, it is also a weakness of all biological organisms and is not likely to help the interviewer determine if he is qualified for the job. However, it is likely to help the interviewer determine if he is right for the job \xe2\x80\x94 because the interviewer is likely to presume that a person who gives silly and unhelpful answers is not right for most positions.\nFor the second question Cueball answers that he will one day be the ancestor to all living humans or none of them. As you go farther and farther into the future the ratio of people alive will either go to 0% or 100% of the descendants of the character. The most recent common ancestor (MRCA) for humans is unknown but occurred some time after Mitochondrial Eve, around 140,000 years ago. If the MRCA\'s ancestors are traced back, the Identical Ancestors Point can be found, at which point the entire population are either ancestors of all living humans or of no living humans.\nIn the last frame, for Cueball to be the ancestor to all living humans within 5 years means that all the humans who are not his children or grandchildren (including Cueball himself), must have died in a near total extinction of the human race - his apparent optimism about the possibility of this occurring would therefore be worrisome.\nThe overarching joke is that, rather than answer Ponytail\'s questions with answers relevant to the job she\'s interviewing him for, Cueball is answering her questions from an existential standpoint. He may be assuming that she wishes to assess his fitness as an organism from a genetic perspective (in which his biggest limitation is survival time and mortality), or he may simply be misinterpreting or deliberately avoiding her questions from a professional perspective.\nThe title text takes this further, equating producing offspring during an interview (which would be awkward for all involved) with something that may actually help assess a candidate\'s efficacy as an employee, namely writing out a sorting algorithm on the spot, another stereotypical interview question (see also 1185: Ineffective Sorts, especially the bottom left panel).\nIn 1088: Five Years, Beret Guy is also asked where he will be in five years, and he later interviews Hairy in 1293: Job Interview.  Other job interviews were portrayed in 125: Marketing Interview and 1094: Interview.\n\n