n\nThis comic is a direct reference to the film Air Bud. In the film, a golden retriever becomes the star player on a basketball team.  The opposing team contests the legality of having a dog as a player, but the referee, having reviewed the rulebook, responds "Ain\'t no rule says a dog can\'t play basketball." Here, the opposing team turns the rulebook loophole against the first team. Because rulebooks are considered the final arbiter of decisions in most sports, Ponytail suggests that, since it isn\'t explicitly prohibited, her team is allowed to kill and eat the dog. Randall is using this logical fallacy to highlight the absurdity of the plot of Air Bud and other similar movies in which ordinary animals take on human roles. At the same time, Randall has created an absurd and anticlimactic premise for such a movie, and he may be making a more general commentary on Hollywood\'s habit of making movies by combining basic tropes that, by themselves, tend to do well in the box office.\nThe title text acknowledges that killing and eating the dog would result in a foul (interfering inappropriately with other players), but the benefit of committing the foul (the star player being dead and out of the game) would be worth the resulting penalty (giving the other team a couple of free throws). This of course ignores any local laws that could cover the proposed killing, such as animal cruelty laws. Randall is poking fun at the common practice of intentional fouls, something that happens particularly often in basketball. Although a foul is by definition against the rules, a team may deliberately break those rules and accept the penalty in order to gain some perceived advantage. For example, in association football (soccer), a player may intentionally foul an opposing player with a strong attack to allow his team to regroup and increase its defensive position, starting with blocking the resulting free kick. In basketball, an intentional foul can stop the clock and turn over the ball, or may simply give the team time to rest and/or discuss strategy that it otherwise may not have had.\nThe dog in the comic is wearing a jersey with the number 9. In Air Bud, the dog wore a jersey with "K" on one side and "9" on the other, forming "K-9", a popular shortening of the word "canine".\nRandall previously parodied the "animal-as-player" loophole in 115: Meerkat. Rule books are also mentioned in 330: Indecision, 393: Ultimate Game, and 1593: Play-By-Play.\n\n