n\nIn Public-key cryptography, two keys are generated for a user. The public key can be used to encrypt messages, but not decrypt them. The private key is necessary for decryption, and as its name implies, is meant to be used solely by the user.\nSince the public key is initially designated to be shared, anyone who has that key can send the user an encrypted message that only he or she can decrypt. Cueball has been following this rule, but he notices that it appears nobody has ever used his public key for anything. He contemplates sharing his private key, which he believes would generate more interest in him personally. However, he appears to overlook the fact that doing so would allow anyone to decrypt messages sent to him, thus defeating the entire purpose of encryption.\nThe title text refers to another feature of Public-key cryptography: In addition to assuring that certain messages can only be read by a specific key owner, it can also assure that certain messages could only have been written by a specific key owner, by "signing" it using the private key. Anyone can read a signed message, but readers with the public key can then verify that the owner of the private key wrote (or at least signed) the message, rather than someone pretending to be the owner. If Cueball published his private key, then anybody could sign any message as him, effectively impersonating him and also defeating the purpose of encryption.\nCrowdsourcing is the term used for delegating work or tasks to a largely volunteered and uncontrolled set of people on the Internet.  It is similar in concept to outsourcing, in which work is delegated to an external source of labor, typically a company in a foreign country. Famous instances of crowdsourcing include reCAPTCHA (in which users both verify they are human and help digitize words and phrases in books that digitization software cannot understand) and a farm in the UK in which ordinary Internet users make decisions about how the farm is run.  In Cueball\'s case, delegating decisions about his contracts and spending to the Internet is not likely to be a wise choice.\nWhen Cueball first created the key pair, he imagined it would be something he used from time to time, for reading messages only intended for him or for sending "signed" messages.  Since nothing of the sort happened, he imagines releasing both keys might cause some activity, and at this point he is happier with a "bad" outcome than with a boring one.\nRandall previously ironically mentioned a public key in 370: Redwall.\n\n