n\nThis comic is a continuation of 1253: Exoplanet Names, and was published the day after NASA announced the discovery of a number of planets, including a planet called a cousin to Earth, Kepler-452b. Black Hat proposes naming it Pluto, to commemorate the flyby of the dwarf planet of that name by NASA\'s New Horizons earlier the same month. He admits this alternative to end the discussion about the status of Pluto, which is subject to debate among both scientists and laypeople over whether-or-not it should be considered a planet. Pluto was considered a planet for a long period of time until, in 2005, the International Astronomical Union (IAU) created a new definition for the word \'planet\' designed to exclude Pluto and similar objects, resulting in much debate (The IAU is the organization that takes responsibility for naming celestial bodies like planets, stars, and much more). \nIt may appear that, with Black Hat\'s suggestion, the answer to the question "is Pluto a planet?" will therefore always be "yes", regardless of the status of the Pluto in our Solar System according to the IAU. However the same IAU official definition that excludes Pluto also states that a \'planet\' has to orbit our sun, so according to the IAU, nothing in this comic is a planet (the IAU definition only allows them to be exoplanets, which, like dwarf planets, are not planets). Hence, the debate indeed becomes \'a little more confusing\'. This is in line with Black Hat\'s characterisation as a mischief-maker.\nThe title text is referring to the planet name entry Netherlands VI for the star EPIC 201912552. Randall thus continues his references to the Dutch people taking over the world and then the universe after the earth\'s oceans has been drained and transported to Mars. This happens in two consecutive What if?\'s, Drain the Oceans and Drain the Oceans: Part II, was referenced in Dropping a Mountain, and was referenced again the week before this comic in 1551: Pluto. Due to a drain in the Earth\'s ocean the Netherlands does not have to worry about getting flooded anymore and since it now does not have to use all its resources preventing floods, it can use these to conquer the world (including Antarctica becoming South Netherlands). Then it takes on Mars (which becomes New Netherlands), and then a section of Pluto (again calling it New Netherlands). There is also a possible reference to 1519: Venus, but that comic has no direct relation to the conquests of the Dutch people like in the other three references. It should be mentioned, that New Netherland was actually a Dutch colony with New York City, formally known as New Amsterdam, as its capital. So the name "New Netherlands" is "historically correct", while "Netherlands VI" isn\'t. \nIn the title text Randall mentioned that he will continue with this Netherlands joke driving it so far into the ground, (i.e. way beyond the point where it stops being funny), that they (the Dutch people) will have to build levees (or dykes) around it to keep the sea out - thus making it funny again... By forcing the Dutchmen to build new levees for this reason, the whole issue with their conquest of the world will be over before it happens.\n\n