n\nThis comic spoofs the iconic quote from the 1988 action movie They Live, where the armed protagonist, upon entering a bank, states that "I have come here to chew bubblegum and kick ass, and I\'m all out of bubblegum." This implies that the protagonist will soon fight the inhabitants of the bank, as he cannot do the other objective he came there for (chewing bubble gum). This phrase was also used by the title character of the video game Duke Nukem 3D and is often mistakenly believed to have originated in it. Furthermore, the phrase has itself been parodied by British comedy IT Crowd, and by Mystery Science Theater 3000 in the episode 521 "Santa Clause" ("Ho-ho-ho! I\'m here to kick butt and lick candy canes, and I\'m all out of candy canes!"), and a version appeared in the 1993 movie Dazed and Confused, where Clint says, "I only came here to do two things, kick some ass and drink some beer. ... Looks like we\'re almost outta beer." (Note that this movie was filmed in 1993 but set in 1976, and so the character in the movie wouldn\'t have known about the movie They Live.)\nFormer wrestler Rowdy Roddy Piper, who played the protagonist in They Live, died five days prior to the publication of this comic so this comic is most likely a tribute to him. The iconic quote was an ad-lib Piper himself came up with.\nIn the comic, Beret Guy stands in an open doorway with a strong light behind him, a typical pose in action movies when someone is dramatically entering a room. However, in this instance, Beret Guy claims that he is here to "chew bubble gum and make friends". He then offers a stick of gum to both Megan and Cueball, making it clear he intends to do both of his stated objectives. This is expected from Beret Guy, who is usually both na\xc3\xafve about the world and beings that surround him, and also friendly to them.\nThe title text seems to be a slight dig at the trope of a laconic hero who utters only a few gnomic words, as in the They Live scene. It is another variation of the line, with meta-humor. The speaker states that he is here to say 18 words and chew bubble gum, but reaches 18 words before he is able to finish his sentence. Thus, readers are left in ambiguity as to whether or not he is also out of bubble gum, as the line could end "and I\'m all out of words", "and I\'m all out of gum", or "and I\'m all out of both." Of course if it is a tribute to Rowdy it could have been "and I\'m all out of time!" And his time was up just then before that last word.\nStrangely, though, Randall has not preserved the number of words in the original film quote: there are 16. There would be 18 if \'bubble gum\' (which occurs twice) were taken as two words, but in the comic, it is clear that Randall takes it as one.\nBeret Guy has previously indicated he has a finite number of words he can say in 1493: Meeting.\nIn 1110: Click and Drag Megan, walking out on to a platform on the left side of the tower Burj Khalifa, says "I came here to chew bubblegum... And I\'m all out of bubblegum" to which Cueball walking with her replies "That\'s a shame" (see picture here.)\n\n