n\nThe comic is a satirical graphical representation of the inspirational Christian poem "Footprints," which has been recounted in many versions and is of disputed authorship.\nThe basic idea of the poem is that the narrator looks back at scenes of his life and sees two sets of footprints, his and those of Jesus. During the most difficult times of his life, the narrator sees only one set of footprints and assumes that Jesus had left him during those times. In the climax of the poem, Jesus responds to the narrator that he saw only one set of footprints during the most difficult times of his life because Jesus was carrying him during those times.\nThe poem is seen by many as overly sentimental and is thus ripe for parody of this kind. The graph mockingly illustrates various times when Jesus or the narrator left the scene, or otherwise gives various reasons why the number of footprints may have been other than two.\n"Ducklings imprinted on Jesus and followed Him around" is a reference to Konrad Lorenz\'s experiments. Three ducklings followed Jesus and the narrator.\n"Jesus disappeared for an evening each time a new Twilight movie came out" could mean that Jesus went to see the movie and left the narrator alone.  It could also mean that while he often carries people through their most difficult trials, the appearance of each new Twilight movie is just too much and he has to take a day off.\n"Got lost and followed our own footprints" may be a reference to "Winnie-the-Pooh" (1926), in which the titular bear and his friend try and hunt a "Woozle" by its footprints, actually following their own round and round a bush, which also seems slightly childish for Jesus as traditionally portrayed. An alternate explanation is that they came to a dead end, and had to double back.\n"Rode around with Jesus in captured AT-ST" is a reference to a two-legged combat "walker" from Star Wars. The implication is that Jesus would have participated in forcibly taking a war machine, which appears somewhat out of character.\nThe reference at the end to Jesus drowning in a patch of quicksand, and then the narrator simply going home, again subverts the poem\'s earnestness. "Going home" may be a reference to dying, implying that the narrator died without Christ, or that the narrator and Christ were not traveling anymore.\nThe title text continues the parody by imagining that Jesus delivers the poem\'s climactic lines in stereotypical "bro" speak, a dialect perceived by many to be obnoxious. The reference to punching Jesus is possibly another reference to the poem\'s perceived excessive sentimentality. Another interpretation is that the narrator, like many people, dislikes usage of this lingo and punched Jesus as a result of this hatred.\nYet another interpretation is that Jesus\' obnoxious way of explaining himself indicated dishonesty, meaning he did not in fact carry the narrator during the most difficult parts of his life. The narrator sensed this and punched Jesus in retaliation.\n"There\'s one set of foot-p\'s cause I was totes carrying you, bro!" can be translated into normal English as  "There\'s one set of footprints because I was definitely carrying you, brother!".\nAn alternate explanation of some of the oddities of the strip is that "Jesus" is not Jesus Christ, but some guy merely named Jesus, as is common in some Latin American countries.\nUsing the Twilight movies as reference points, it can be determined that the span of the graph is from approximately early 2004 to late 2018, with Jesus\' death in the second half of 2017.\nThe poem has appeared in xkcd before, at 1110 with coordinates 0.7601, -58.803.\n\n