n\nIsaac Newton\'s original examples describing the force of gravity show an apple falling from a tree in order to explain why the apple falls toward the Earth, instead of the Earth falling toward the apple. He often said to have been inspired by watching falling apples; in common folklore this developed into the legend that he was actually struck by an apple. The first part of this comic retells that famous legend. The later panels depict similar (but more implausible) legends that could emerge if we were to assume that other scientists\' most famous examples and discoveries were based on actually observing some mundane everyday event taking place.\nIn the first situation we not only see the apple fall on Newton\'s head, we also see the Moon. This was one of the first astronomical objects on which he used his theory of gravity. He calculated its orbit around the Earth and found that it fit with the theory.\nIn the second situation Cueball throws a baseball towards Lise Meitner, but when she fails to catch the ball it hits one of her porcelain model-atoms. In this way Meitner discovered a way to split the atom. Cueball may represent Otto Hahn, since they were part of the Hahn-Meitner-Strassmann team that worked on this problem. Hahn was later awarded the Nobel Prize for Chemistry, where Meitner was overlooked. Throwing something at someone and asking them to think fast is a common "joke", where the receiver rarely has a chance to actually catch the object. But in this case it could also be a reference to the fact that she then thought fast then made a major discovery. Or if it is Hahn, then he thought faster and got the award instead of her. The porcelain models might also be a reference to Meissen porcelain, in German called "Mei\xc3\x9fner Porzellan", where "Mei\xc3\x9fner" is phonetically very similar to "Meitner". (Meitner has previously been mentioned in the comic 896: Marie Curie, which more or less explains why Randall did not choose the more famous Marie Curie as the female example in this comic. Meitner is not very well known in the public, compared to the three men or Curie, but this may exactly be the point for choosing her. She should have been just as famous considering what splitting the atoms has been leading to!) Also, there\'s not much in Marie\'s story that could be put down to fanciful anecdote. "All" she did was extract a few chemicals and study their properties.\nIn the third situation it is indicated that half of Charles Darwin\'s children had beaks, a property not normally found in human children&#91;citation needed&#93;. This would make it very difficult for them to drink soda from a glass or through a straw, compared to his normal children with mouths. Based on this assumption he developed his ideas about natural selection and evolution. The comic is unclear on whether this makes them more or less fit to survive and reproduce. This is a reference to Darwin\'s initial findings on the HMS Beagle on how Galapagos finches with differently shaped beaks are better suited for specific types of food, and therefore are better selected for environments where those foods are available. The title text furthers this, see below. Darwin later in life feared that having married his cousin since their consanguinity would increase the risk that his children would be born with birth defects (although he did not fear that they would be born with beaks). The difficulty caused by beaks when drinking liquids could be a reference to the Aesop\'s fable The Fox and the Stork.\nIn the fourth situation Albert Einstein remarks to a man that it\'s annoying that the man\'s twin brother keeps flashing a light from a train when Einstein is trying to check his clock. He then comes to a sudden revelation. This references several of Einstein\'s (separate\xe2\x80\x94it makes little sense together in this manner) thought experiments on special relativity, such as the twin paradox (the twin on the train should be younger after decelerating to a stop), a clock built from a beam of light, and the time dilation experienced by the observer in the moving frame of reference.\nIn the title text there is a description of how beaks rather than mouths are more useful when the foods have shells that need to be cracked open like nuts and seeds. Here it is clear that in the John and Mildred family you starve if you cannot eat the bird food, and thus it would be an advantage to have a beak for survival instead of a normal mouth. "John" and "Mildred" may be Mildred and John T. Scopes of the famous 1925 "monkey trial" in which John was fined $100 for teaching evolution in a Tennessee school.\n\n