n\nFrankenstein; or, The Modern Prometheus is a novel by Mary Shelley published in 1818. In it, Victor Frankenstein is a human who creates a monster (who is never named).  In popular culture, however, "Frankenstein" is taken to be the name of the monster, not its creator.\nWhile this is an often-corrected "error", it has been argued that it is not technically incorrect to call the monster "Frankenstein" as well, since he is the "offspring" of his "father", Victor Frankenstein. Since a child usually takes on the last name of his father, it may be said that the monster\'s last name actually is "Frankenstein". He also refers to himself in the novel as "the Adam of your labors" - a reference to the Biblical Adam, the first of his kind - and some have taken to calling the monster "Adam Frankenstein" to differentiate him from the scientist, Victor Frankenstein.\nOthers have argued that the monster\'s namelessness is an important part of his characterization in the story, since it reflects the doctor\'s complete rejection of his creation. While the monster identifies Victor as his "father" in the novel, Victor does not consider the creature to be his "son".\nRandall is apparently tired of hearing both sides of this argument, so he has created his own work of fiction, in which the monster is named Frankenstein. He rationalizes that it is now correct to call the monster Frankenstein, assuming that his comic strip is as authoritative as the original novel. "Canonical" (rule, standard) means that this comic should be used as the authoritative work on the naming of the monster. \nHowever, Randall\'s assumption that his version would supersede Mary Shelley\'s is unfounded and unlikely: The original version of any story is usually assumed to be the canonical, and any derivative work would have to have widespread influence and recognition to supplant the original in the popular imagination. This is not likely to happen with xckd\'s Frankenstein, as it makes almost no effort to stand on its own; it exists only to be a version of Frankenstein where the monster is named "Frankenstein." It emphasizes this point several times, and ends within a single panel, having accomplished its only goal. Almost no readers would find this version entertaining or substantive enough to displace Mary Shelley\'s original as the definitive version of the story.\nThe copyright on Mary Shelley\'s novel has expired long ago, so it is perfectly legal to create works derived from the original story. It should be noted however, that Universal holds the copyright on the common image of the monster (green skin, flat top head, scar, bolts on the neck and protruding forehead). To qualify as a derivative work the story needs to be substantially different from the original. The monster believing in moon landing conspiracy theories would probably qualify. Additionally, the original Frankenstein\'s monster was seen by its creator as hideous and repulsive due to its physical appearance despite the project being a success. Randall makes the same correlation in his version by having Frankenstein claim the moon landings were faked, which produces the same feelings in The Doctor.\nAlternatively, the monster being a moon landing denier is meant as a throwaway absurdist non sequitur. As the only point of this story is to make a canonical version of Frankenstein where "Frankenstein" is the monster\'s name, it should logically end once it has finished making that point clear. However, Randall throws a curveball by having the monster blurt out an uncomfortable and controversial point of view before the ending, then ending the story abruptly before the monster\'s statements can be addressed.\nThe title text raises the question of what the monster\'s creator is named in this version, since the name "Frankenstein" is instead given to the monster. The canonical answer is that the creator is simply "The Doctor", like the title character of the series "Doctor Who". This might be a reference to similar pedantic nitpicking that occurs when that character is incorrectly referred to as "Doctor Who" rather than "The Doctor" which is in turn referenced in comic 1221: Nomenclature. As it happens, people who make that mistake can also claim canonical support, in that some early episodes of the series list the character\'s name as "Doctor Who" in the credits.\n\n