n\nIn popular fiction (and maybe in part in fact) the "Baking Soda and Vinegar" volcano is often a staple image of the science nerd at the science fair (see example here), unless all the science nerds are doing real imaginative science and the student(s) with the volcano exhibit are dragging out the old hackneyed stereotype. It may also be age-dependent, this being something that is relatively advanced science for the lower grades but rather a childish experiment in the hands of older students.\nAs Ponytail is probably about to point out, the \'volcano\' exhibit doesn\'t (usually) actually demonstrate anything about volcanic activity, it is just simple chemistry - involving the reaction of acetic acid in vinegar and sodium bicarbonate in baking soda to give sodium acetate and bubbles of carbon dioxide - dressed up to look more impressive, often with dye or other additives to make the \'eruption\' look more realistic, but it often fails to replicate important features of every volcanic eruption such as the flow of lava, associated seismic events or the collapse of part of the volcanic crater. In most soda volcano projects people don\'t even explain what\'s happening.\nScience Girl has made a little more of her volcano, however, as it seems to go beyond simple chemistry. The model replicates many of the dangers (aside from the pure lava) of a volcano, and appears to have been given scaled-down vehicles (not visible in the comic) trying (and failing) to escape the dangers of the resultant mud-flows (a.k.a. lahars in professional terminology) being modeled. Ponytail contradicts her early reaction by also not liking the more realistic model, although it is the carnage she dislikes, not that it has more correct details of the eruption itself.\nEven more, this is not an isolated \'model volcano\' but a vinegar-powered representation of a geological \'hot spot\', such as with the islands of Hawaii, in which the spot moves with respect to the Earth\'s crust (or vice-versa) and generates a new volcano some way off.  Despite this model being supported on a table, it appears that the \'project\' extends some way beyond that and has somehow contrived further eruptions away from the table, the room and probably even the building.\nThe \'project\' seems to be turning into a very thorough model of a much larger geological process (a Supervolcano like the one under Yellowstone) and destined to produce a very real volcanic winter.  Where a magma-powered volcano could produce vast clouds of dust, preventing the sun\'s energy from warming the Earth, in this case it\'s the airborne salt (probably sodium acetate) from the chemical reaction that appears to be in danger of causing crop failure.  There\'s no mention of the corresponding environmental effects of the vast amounts of carbon dioxide (and/or aqueous carbonic acid) necessarily released in proportion to the ejected salt (presumably itself not left in solution).\nIt is especially troubling that the child even mentions that her model volcano is an offshoot of a baking soda supervolcano. Supervolcanoes are massive volcanoes, far larger than even those on the list of Decade Volcanoes (mentioned in the title text), whose eruption would likely trigger species-level extinction events comparable to the dinosaur extinction. Humanity can only hope the child is exaggerating in her description, but the symptoms witnessed by the adult looking out the window suggest otherwise. Campi Flegrei is actually a real life example of her project.\nWhen someone (presumably the dark haired woman) says she wants to stop learning, Science Girl grimly states that "Soon, we all will", alluding to their impending doom.\nRandall has mentioned supervolcanoes before in 1053: Ten Thousand (title text) and 1159: Countdown, making it a recurring interest of his. The volcano Mount Doom was depicted to the far left in the game 1608: Hoverboard released a week before this comic. It may not be a supervolcano, but quite potent anyway... Later this comic was directly referenced in the sixth panel of 1714: Volcano Types, where it is up to the reader to decide it this is Science Girls\' model people or what happens outside on her supervolcano. \nIn the title text the student expects extra credit for getting her model volcano added to the Decade Volcanoes list, a list maintained by International Association of Volcanology and Chemistry of the Earth\'s Interior of the world\'s most dangerous volcanoes (currently 16). It is either an absurd notion or a very troubling achievement that a science fair project could achieve the threat level posed by the likes of Mount Vesuvius (which destroyed ancient Pompeii in Italy, and threatens modern-day Naples in the same manner), Mount Rainier (whose lahars could potentially destroy parts of Seattle) or Mauna Loa (which could create a massive landslide, triggering a major tsunami that would threaten all of Hawaii). But if the volcano erupting outside is scaled down to match the scale of her original model volcano, at least that means that it was only a "local" volcano event and not a supervolcano event that she created, so it would only doom the local area.\n\n