n\nIn this comic, we see Megan and Beret Guy both holding on to skyward lines. Megan\'s line is clearly connected to a kite, and she (like the reader) initially assumes that Beret Guy\'s line is as well -- only for it to be revealed that he is not holding a line for a kite, but instead the line goes up to a small dog. This move on Randall\'s part is known as a bait-and-switch, a technique that relies on human intuition and pattern seeking in order to play a trick on the viewer. The \'switch\' portion of the bait and switch comes with the added humor of an unconventional dog that flies/floats instead of walking on the ground, so the joke comes as a surprise and with little warning to the reader.\nThe title text reverses the joke, implying that rather than Beret guy returning to the park with a kite, his dog has returned to the park with Beret Guy flying in the air on the kite (hence he calls down from above that kites are fun).\nBeret Guy is generally fond of unconventional approaches to standard conventional issues. It is unclear if he is somehow causing his dog to fly, or if the dog\'s flight is simply due to its tail wagging rapidly? But Beret Guy is known to possess several strange powers, of which this could be yet another one. The title text suggests that he does have the ability to fly on the kite himself, and to direct his dog to control the kite as well.\nThe comic\'s title is the plural form for "kite". This may be to distinguish this comic from another earlier comic that used the singular form of the word as its title: 235: Kite, or just because at the end of this comic, there are two kites present. In the first Kite comic it was possible for Cueball to climb up the line of his kite, and he thus had the same ability as Beret Guy with a kite.\nA kid looking like Megan is also seen with a kite to the left in the game comic 1608: Hoverboard from two weeks earlier; probably not a coincidence. In the same comic Beret Guy is flying down from the sky on a torpedo. Maybe he could just "fly" off before it hits and explodes...\nThis comic is similar to the "Yo Mama" panel in 1037: Umwelt, where dogs can float and thus need a ballast to be on the ground. It could also be a variation on the joke of walking around with a stiff leash and collar, thus presenting the illusion of walking an invisible dog.\nFlying dogs is mentioned in the title text of 1625: Substitutions 2. Although dogs is substituted instead of drones, there may be a reference to this flying dog here...\n\n