n\nIBM\'s Watson is a natural language system designed to answer questions posed by humans. Recently, IBM has extended Watson to act as a clinical decision support system, using image analytics to aid physicians in medical decision making. \nIn this comic, Randall uses a flowchart (as he often does) to represent a guide to the algorithm used by Watson, including bizarre techniques including surgical alteration of a patient to match a height and weight chart or squeezing the patient to make sure fluids come out of them. Like 416: Zealous Autoconfig, this comic pokes fun at a rigid, poorly-designed setup that ends up potentially doing more harm than good. The computer\'s behavior in this comic can be compared to the health-care robot named Baymax in the movie Big Hero 6.\nModern medicine involves both standard processes and clinical judgment based around years of advanced training. An algorithm like this would have to be incredibly complicated in order to simulate the clinical judgment of a good doctor. Below is a detailed description of each step, but here is a list of some of the more strange steps:\n\nThe algorithm depicted treats a patient as more of a machine or mechanical system than a living being, especially through decisions such as:\nInjecting oxygen into patients with low oxygen saturation, rather than treating the root cause.\nRemoving and inspecting a skeleton, then diagnosing the patient\'s condition with a bone count. This is likely a reference to A  Serious Case Of Spookiness from the Buttersafe web-comic, a comic Randall links to from below the comics on xkcd .\nIn the book Thing Explainer there is an explanation Colors of light for the electromagnetic spectrum, where Ponytail as a doctor looks at a full body x-ray of Cueball and exclaims that ... It looks like your body is full of bones to which Cueball replies Oh no! Is there any cure? Well if he meets Watson he might have them all removed... This comic came out about a month after the book so it may be viewed as a kind of reference to the problem with too many bones.\n\nDissecting a doctor "for parts" after consulting him or her for advice.\nRemoving extra limbs from a patient if the count is 100 or more (This might be a reference to different number systems used in computers, as 100 is read in binary as four.)\nDetermining whether the "build environment" of the patient is sane. This is most probably a reference to the configure script used in the GNU build system, which emits "checking whether build environment is sane" as one of its status messages.\nRinsing the whole patient with a saline solution.\nRemoving organs from a patient regardless of response to an organ donation request.\n\nOther decisions appear to be entirely unrelated to the conditions upon which they are predicated:\nIf the patient doesn\'t rate their pain on a scale from 0-10, sequence their genome, apply a tourniquet, and perform an autopsy\nIf the patient\'s phone\'s battery is low, defibrillate until the battery is charged, sync photos, then administer general anesthesia\nIf the patient is successfully comforted after an oxygen injection, check their medical history and apply skin grafts\nIf green fluid is released from the patient, begin to cauterize\nIf the patient has less than 100 limbs, check their Vitamin D level\n\n\nAlthough there are two options where the patient is discharged the patient should be very lucky to make it there alive. \nThe option at the bottom left is only reached after your skeleton is removed (and nothing is mentioned about putting it back, even if that would help). \nThe other discharge option is to the right, three boxes down, and can only be reached if you survive having an oxygen saturation of less than 50&#160;% (less than 80-90&#160;% can be a serious problem, see table below), and a very dangerous oxygen injection. Then you have to have a skin graft and a good D vitamin level. It is also best that you have a fully charged phone else you will be subject to defibrillation (which may very likely kill you, if it will continue until your phone is charged to above "low" level - which is probably not even possible). \nYou can also reach this discharge option another way, but that would only be after your organs were removed... But if you get through this you could reach the discharged option alive. Sadly there is a little glitch mentioned in the title text:\nThe title text implies that, if the patient is so lucky to ever reach one of the two places with the option "discharge patient", a minor glitch will cause the program to go back to the hunt down and capture patient option which thus force the patient and the program to repeat the process again in an infinite cycle, that will only end once the patient give another rating than 0-10 of their pain level on the 0-10 scale. Then the program will start to sequence their genome, then apply a tourniquet and finally perform an autopsy on what will, in the end, for certain be a deceased patient; but maybe the patient was still alive when the autopsy began. This will finally cause the patient to leave the cycle as a corpse. If the patient dies before giving a different option, the machine could get stuck, as it will never receive any answer to the pain level question. It could also get stuck trying to charge the patients phone battery by defibrilation.\nThis is the second comic in a row about health issues with the last comic being 1618: Cold Medicine.\n\n