n\nThe first of two Christmas comics in a row, as it was followed by 1621: Fixion.\nIn this comic Ponytail is showing Megan around in a facility, where they are now reaching the "Universe Control Panel", and Ponytail points out the first panel and tells that these dials control Christmas.\nPresumably the control panel is a set of panels with several dials each to control the entire universe, and anyone having access to a room with these controls would from our point of view be in a God like position. If such a room did exist it would most likely be situated outside our universe. Here it would be easy for Randall to use the panel to make physics references, with dials to control the specific size of fundamental constants of the universe such as the speed of light in vacuum or the Planck constant. However, instead he chooses a more comedic angle in the spirit of Christmas (as he usually does in comics released close to said holiday, this one being released on December 23rd). \nWe are only shown one of the dials on the Christmas control panel, the one that controls how Santa Claus enters people\xe2\x80\x99s houses. The Santa enters houses through-dial has ten different possible settings. The one it\'s set to at this point of the comic is the traditional chimney. Among the other nine there is only one even more logical option the open window, but surprisingly there is no option called the door. The other eight options, however, are increasingly weird or even impossible (though of course not for Santa, who can deliver a billion packets in one night and fly in a sleigh drawn by flying reindeer\xe2\x80\xa6). These options ranges from the \xe2\x80\x9dfeasible\xe2\x80\x9d like mail slot, heating vents or cat flap to the impossible/ridiculous (some even disgusting) as kitchen faucet, shower drain or toilet over the truly magical bathroom mirror  to the downright unpleasant - pores of your skin. (See 555: Two Mirrors regarding the mirror version).\nIn a quite unfortunate turn of events Megan trips and catches herself on the Santa dial, messing it up by clicking it twice. To make matters worse, when Megan asks what it was set to before so as to undo the mishap, Ponytail tells that she has forgotten. So they cannot put it back right. \nThe dial is shown in the comic only for the readers benefit, because as Megan tripped up before reaching it, she thus never looked at it, and as Ponytail is showing her around, it must have been her first visit here. The reason why Ponytail cannot remember to which option the dial was set before is most likely because she is not part of our universe (the control panel is located outside), and also she is probably not the creator of the control panel. She is clearly disturbed when the dial is turned (she holds up her hand to her mouth), and she would probably like not to have to tell her boss about this mess up.\nThen, as so often seen with human behaviors (if they are indeed human beings at all?), Megan says she will simply take a wild guess and hope she get it right. As the only thing she really knows is that it is not on the right setting now, there is only 1/9 that she will get it right assuming she will at least change it away from the setting she ended up on.\nAs we can see in the comic the dial clicks twice, implying it has moved two positions; Megan has thus most likely changed the dial to either "kitchen faucet" or "mail slot". Or the dial was moved one click away and one click back to the original position. As we do not know which of these she will now change away from, it is impossible to guess from the comic where she end up putting it, all ten options are possible.\nSince the comic is released just before Christmas, here is a prank played on the reader/children who believe in Santa Claus. Now that the dial setting is probably changed, one can expect Santa to enter the house in a different way. So the believer could stay up and try to find out what way it would be.\nThe title text continues the idea of a universe control panel by showing another possible dial: Sound dogs make ranging from the norm (barking) to cat sounds (hissing, very embarrassing for a dog), "lightsaber noises" and speech to swearing. This is a dial most likely on another control panel for animal sounds (but it could of course specifically be the sound a dog would make in response to Santa\'s entry, by whatever method?). It would thus give the same option of changing the expected vocal response of the dog away from (our norm of) barking, as with the other dial with the way Santa enters the house. In popular culture, talking dogs are a commonly used trope; in contrast, swearing "dogs" are few, the most famous being Triumph, the Insult Comic Dog, a puppet created by Conan O\'Brien and Robert Smigel and performed by the latter.\nThe comic might also be a joke on real-life controls often having no clear "default" value - which, by the way, is sometimes the case for virtual controls as well.\n\n