n\nAs each year turns (or other milestone dates, perhaps set out in popular fiction) it is common enough to remember that what is now the present was once considered the future!\nThis New Year comic, published just prior to the start of the New Year, 2016, aims to clarify a number of the things one might have expected by now. (Another New Year comic followed on New Year\'s Day: 1624: 2016, making it two in a row with titles beginning with 2016...)\nThe classic target of personal futurology is the ability to levitate or fly, to varying degrees. "Where\'s my jet pack?" is one of the memes addressed here, and has actually been developed in a somewhat workable fashions and analogues, but is dismissed as being too personally dangerous to have a Jetson-like ubiquity. Similarly, various forms of flying car have had varying degrees of success, but here are ignored to point out that the regular helicopter is as close as most of us would ever get to this technology. The levitating Hoverboard has been popularised by the Back To The Future franchise of films, with several attempts to fully emulate such a device with air-blast or magnetic levitation, but the term Hoverboard has ended up being applied to a Segway-like personal transport system that has at least become a mass-produced device (albeit with a number of safety concerns). This is of course a reference to the game 1608: Hoverboard where it is shown how a real hoverboard should work.\nThe very concept of the hoverboard, in particular, is predicted to be reduced mostly to arguments between opposing camps of opinions; and then, in the title-text, the conclusion that giving up and resorting to old-fashioned walking is inferior to any of the possible alternatives.\nA much bigger challenge in levitation is the \'sky city\', with various forms from fiction (e.g. Bespin, Mortal Engines Quartet). In reality, this seems highly unlikely to ever come to pass when there is perfectly good ground to lay the buildings down upon, due to the sheer mass. It might be considered more reasonable to build a settlement of some kind on the Moon. The basic engineering exists, but the comic blames financial pressures for it not yet having come into existence. Arguably political pressures, or perhaps the lack of them, are also a factor.\nFrom the fields of automation, the self-driving car has had a lot of recent development put into it, with many and varied prototypes being tried out, and may actually end up featuring in our immediate future, even if not in 2016. Google has built a very good prototype but it needs improvement. Meanwhile, the long-held science-fantasy aim to create a robot that can do odd tasks has been limited or differently implemented. The fully omnicapable version is probably almost as far out of reach as it always was considered to be. "Jeeves" as a less than superb robot butler presumably refers to the early search site "Ask Jeeves," and may be a reference to the robot of that name that can be "built" by characters in the popular Massively multiplayer online role-playing game World of Warcraft.  "Jeeves" as the stereotyped butler name goes back to P.G. Wodehouse in 1915.\nSelf-driving cars has become a recurring topic on xkcd and they were mentioned again already in the title text of 1625: Substitutions 2 just two comics after this one.\n\n