n\nCueball shows Megan an app, Play Magnus (iOS, Android) which claims to simulate playing chess against Magnus Carlsen at various ages. Carlsen is a chess grandmaster who is the world champion as of the date this comic was released.\nThe idea behind the app is that as Carlsen grows up he becomes better at chess and thus it become exceedingly difficult to beat him as he gets older. As Cueball claims he could have beaten Magnus when he was 8\xc2\xbd-year-old, but not a half-year later, we can now estimate Cueballs strength to be that of a typical adult hobbyist, with a FIDE rating of about 1200[1].\nTaking the idea a step further, Megan wants such an app for other sports tennis and swimming, where skill couldn\'t imaginably be simulated via an app at all. She wants to compare herself to an 8-year-old Serena Williams, a top-ranked professional tennis player. Or to a 6-year-old Michael Phelps, the most decorated Olympian competitor of all time.\nCueball expands beyond sport, wishing to determine if he could cook better than an 11-year-old Martha Stewart (author of several cookbooks). Megan wonders if she\'d have won an election against a 12-year old JFK (John F. Kennedy, the 35th American President). Obviously, cooking and politics were skills acquired later in life for both figures.  Also, the U.S. Constitution prohibits anyone from serving as President before the age of 35, so it seems unlikely that any 12-year-old candidate could win, regardless of skill level, simply because voters would not want to elect someone ineligible to serve for another 23 years. Such a contest would likely be prohibited altogether, as ineligible candidates tend to have ballot access issues.\nCueball and Megan continue speculating about an app simulating the skills of random celebrities at various ages, even beyond the talents that made them famous. They finally end up comparing 8-year-old Magnus\'s swimming skill against 9-year-old Martha\'s (he wins). But they\'d both lose a hot dog-eating contest against the championship race horse Secretariat. At this point even Megan realizes (with considerable understatement) their project "has gotten weird".\nThe title text extends the point to even greater absurdity, e.g. the ludicrous prospect of a young Martha Stewart knocking an adult Ronda Rousey unconscious, or 9-year-old Muhammad Ali beating a 10-year-old JFK in air hockey. The horse also gets re-mentioned in the title text, losing in a hot dog eating contest against 12-year-old Ken Jennings. Ronda Rousey is an Olympic bronze medalist judoka and MMA fighter; when this comic was released Ronda Rousey had just lost to Holly Holm in a major upset. Muhammad Ali is one of the all-time great boxers. At the time of this comic Ken Jennings is the record-holder for his winning streak on Jeopardy!.\nChess was previously compared to basketball in 1392: Dominant Players, which also mentioned Magnus. This is the tenth comic about chess on xkcd .\n\n