n\nThere is large controversy over unmanned small-scale quadcopters, which are a type of radio-controlled helicopter. Some people have objections towards the usage of quadcopters as, if equipped with cameras, they can potentially interfere with personal privacy and may pose a physical aerial hazard.\nFor this reason the US Federal Aviation Administration is now requiring any "drone" (unmanned aerial vehicle) to be registered so that it can find out whose fault it might be that a quadcopter interfered with commercial aircraft-or carried off a citizen to be devoured.\nThis comic takes place during such a lesson where Cueball is a teacher of such a class. He is standing in front of his students (Megan, Ponytail and another Cueball-like guy), presenting the class. He has a quadcopter ready, lying on the ground behind him, and has already handed the remote control to the other guy so he can try it once the introduction is over.\nBut then the teacher is attacked by three rogue quadcopters flying in from behind him. They grab him and lift him off the ground (a very complicated maneuver) and fly away with him. Meanwhile, his students just stand there watching and do nothing to help him. Afterwards Megan asks if they should actually have tried to help him, but then Ponytail takes the view that now that the drones are sentient, they have become a part of nature, and that you should not interfere but just "let nature take its course". This is a common comment in nature programs about wildlife, where the speaker tries to explain why the team that was there to film the poor animals dying did nothing to help them - because they will not interfere with nature.\nThis comic shows how hypocritical that comment is, because if a lion decides to kill and eat humans, that would be natural, but we would do anything in our power to kill this lion, and not just let it run off with our children or the old and weak people. So in such a case with Cueball being taken by wild quadcopters we would not just let nature takes its course.\nThere is currently a drone called MQ-1 Predator which is used a lot by the CIA and USAF. Although it\'s not a quad-copter, the idea behind this comic could come from drone names just like this. Here the comic takes the name literally giving drones predatory behavior. This comic thus takes people\'s worries to the extreme, suggesting that the drones become sentient and can cooperate together just like a pack of wolves and grab a human being and fly off with him like an eagle would do with a smaller animal.\nThe title text refers back to the above as Randall confesses that he has to turn off any nature documentaries which show scenes of animals killing their prey, while the speaker tells that this would be part of nature. This continues the theme of treating drones as an occasionally-ugly but accepted part of nature, but also the theme of disagreeing with this type of hypocritical comments.\nSentient quadcopters were part of the game in 1608: Hoverboard, where one quadcopter is speaking to the other over the lava lake in the Mount Doom crater to the left. How to solve the problem of too many drones was mentioned in 1523: Microdrones. Just over a week before this comic was released another comic also had as subject a situation where our technological inventions begins to take control over us, see 1626: Judgment Day.\n\n