n\nThe comic shows Cueball walking and singing along with the songbird singing above him; Cueball is apparently enjoying the perfect weather and the birdsong as he comments on both. In the next panel, the bird continues to sing but now it sings actual words (to the song "Smooth" (official video) by Santana featuring Rob Thomas). This gives the word songbird a completely new meaning. The bird\'s singing begins to annoy Cueball, so he chases the bird with a butterfly net in an attempt to catch it. Meanwhile, the bird just continues with the song. (Interestingly the two lines from the last two panels follow each other in the song, but Cueball manages to get hold of the net in between).\nThe lines the bird sings are (most) of the last three lines from the chorus (see the lyrics):\n\nAnd it\'s just like the ocean under the moon\nWell, that\'s the same as the emotion that I get from you\nYou got the kind of loving that can be so smooth, yeah.\nGimme your heart, make it real\nOr else forget about it\n\nThe comic is a play on the words bird and song.  Songbirds, of course, don\'t actually sing: the sounds they make are territorial challenges, mating cries, etc. But in Western cultural traditions, particularly the pastoral one, imagining these sounds as \'song\' is part of seeing nature as beautiful and harmonious. Ironically, the fact that this bird is really singing pop music, is perceived by Cueball to be an intrusion.\nIn the title text Cueball suggest playing pastoral music to \'reprogram\' the bird, which is of course an even more unnatural intervention - all with the purpose of restoring the pastoral naturalness of the nature. Of course some birds can actually emulate human words, and in this way also sing real words, like with the common hill myna. Other birds can mimic any odd and unusual sounds, particularly the lyrebird of Australia is known to reproduce all types of sounds from chainsaws to barking dogs and certainly also music.\nThe title text of "reprogramming" the bird by placing it in a box also refers to B.F. Skinner and his development of programmed learning through his theories of operand conditioning and behaviorism in psychology. By famously using birds in so-called Skinner boxes, he conditioned birds to respond to certain stimuli and expect rewards for particular behaviors, leading to an understanding of many impulsive behaviors in humans like addiction. Cueball apparently hopes to "correct" the bird and its song through this method.\nLately Randall has had his characters catch several things (but never butterflies) with a butterfly net; most recently in 1622: Henge, where it was the Sun that was caught in the net.\n\n