n\nThis comic opens on a male host for a stargazing TV show. He claims to be a doctor in astronomy though his remarks, however enthusiastic, may call this into question. (Although he is drawn like Megan it is a male television host according to the official transcript on xkcd \xe2\x80\x93 see the trivia section).\nThroughout the comic the hosts tone and choice of words becomes increasingly unprofessional, referring to most of the stars as "shitty," personifying them based on different astronomical observations, and providing little useful information on the study of stars or how they work.\nIt seems that this is not an isolated issue as the television host mentions that people keep asking him whether or not he is a real astronomer.\nThroughout the comic the television host continuously glosses over the arguably less exciting portions of a typical presentation on astronomy sharing only what he sees as "the good stuff." This penchant for only caring about something if it is interesting extends past astronomy as well as the host is too bored when reading the dictionary to look up the meaning of astronomer.\nThe comic derives much of its humor from the absurdity of the host\'s comments on various astronomical bodies. Although not technically incorrect, the way he presents the information is far from informative. (See details below on the host\'s observations).\nOne of his observations regards the fact that Sirius is a binary star, a system where two stars orbit each other. So even though it is the brightest star as seen from Earth we only really see one of them, as the other is, to quote the host, "not even trying". Sirius A is "large" and "bright" main sequence white star, while Sirius B is a white dwarf with a little under half the mass, 0.49% the radius and only 0.22% the luminosity of Sirius A.\nThe Andromeda is the largest galaxy in our Local Group it is 220,000 light years across and consists of a trillion stars. Humans have difficulty conceptualizing distances of this scale. Suffice to say that it is very large.\nBetelgeuse is the 9th brightest star visible from earth. One of its prominent features is its visible redness and its size. Within the next million years it is expected to explode as a Supernova, which will certainly be a spectacular sight.\nIn the title text it is mentioned that the Sun is also a star and of course is much brighter than Sirius seen from Earth, and thus Sirius is technically not the brightest star in our sky (although it is in the night sky). The title text sarcastically encourages the audience to raise that obvious but irrelevant point (a standard joke when people mentions bright stars) instead of asking a more interesting, informative, or fruitful question, when there are so many to ask regarding astronomy.\nThe infinite tree and branches mentioned in the title text could be a reference to the tree in set theory. Infinite tree theory and an infinite branch is mentioned on the wiki page. Another reference may be to the many-worlds interpretation (one of many multiverse hypotheses). In lay terms, the hypothesis states there is a very large \xe2\x80\x94 perhaps infinite \xe2\x80\x94 number of universes, and everything that could possibly happen, but did not, happens in some other universe or universes. And of all the possible conversation topics regarding this awesome universe, the speaker chooses the discussion branch (in this universe) to be the one with a lame joke about the Sun being brighter than Sirius.\nSee also 1371: Brightness and 1342: Ancient Stars. Saying cool things about space to make people like you is mentioned in 1746: Making Friends.\n\n