n\nIn popular culture (the term is loosely used in this case) there are many famous duos, such as Calvin &amp; Hobbes (six-year-old boy and his toy tiger, from the cartoon strip with the same name) or David &amp; Goliath (famous past King of Israel and giant, Biblical characters from the Book of Samuel in the Old Testament). (See the trivia section regarding an on-line list of duos).\nIn this table, Randall describes a fictional parallel universe where the same names are used in different combinations \xe2\x80\x94 instead of Calvin, it is now Thelma (from the movie Thelma &amp; Louise) who is paired up with Hobbes, and Calvin is instead paired of with the King, from Anna and the King. In all cases the one mentioned first on the list is also mentioned first in our universe, so it is always of the form Calvin and the King, never Calvin and Anna. There are 24 duos, and all 48 partners are mentioned (they go through four cycles). (In the title text of 1644: Stargazing from the week before this comic, there is an indirect reference to parallel universes/multiverse).\nThe humor of this comic comes from the ridiculousness of the pairings, and the reader\'s imagination of the stories that are created with the pairs. See the whole list of real duos as well as the list of alternative duos below, with more detailed explanations.\nIn the title text, alternative movie Romeo and Butt-Head is mentioned, the fifth entry on the list. This is a combination of the famous Shakespeare play "Romeo and Juliet", which has been filmed many times; most recently in Romeo + Juliet from 1996 with Leonardo DiCaprio and Claire Danes in the leading roles. Butt-Head is the less stupid one (of the very stupid duo) from the animated TV series Beavis and Butt-Head (and a film). As Romeo and Juliet is one of the best known love stories and Butt-Head is one of the most disgusting teens ever depicted on the big screen (only overtaken by Beavis), the combination could create disturbing pictures in people\'s heads (especially in the heads of anyone who may identify themselves with Juliet).\nIn the alternative universe, when this movie was released, it got the best possible review of two thumbs up from the critics Siskel and Oates. Gene Siskel was paired with Roger Ebert, when they reviewed movies as the famous duo Siskel and Ebert. They were widely known for the "thumbs up/thumbs down" review summaries, with their best combined review being Two Thumbs Up, one from each of them.\nIn the alternative universe Siskel and his partner gives the film a (surprising) two thumbs up, but Ebert has been replaced with Oates. This is a reference to John Oates of Hall &amp; Oates, a famous American musical duo from Philadelphia.\nThere also exists a comedy duo named Garfunkel and Oates, formed by Riki Lindhome and Kate Micucci, who chose the "Garfunkel and Oates" name by combining the second names from both Hall &amp; Oates and Simon and Garfunkel (the latter duo is mentioned in the main comic). Although this exact combo would not be possible in the xkcd version, as the "real universe" combo takes the second names from two duos rather than the first name from one and the second name from another (as in this comic), there may definitely be a deliberate reference to this group as well which has taken the parallel universe idea into our universe.\n\n