n\n\n\n \n\n This explanation may be incomplete or incorrect: The table with all the items should be filled out with explanations etc. and the diameter should be calculated from real data (with references). Or with the new version of the table another column should be added with the use in gigaliter for each substance in the US to compare. Anyone who is up for calculating how long it would take to fill the pool with US saliva?If you can address this issue, please edit the page! Thanks.\n\nThis comic follows a similar idea to the what if? Niagara Straw from three days before this comic\'s release, where the entire water flow over Niagara Falls is imagined to be funneled through a straw (i.e. 7&#160;mm diameter), with disastrous results.\nIn this comic Randall imagines what size pipes are necessary to carry US domestic production/consumption of various fluids if the flow rate were fixed at 4 meters per second.  Randall notes that "many pipes would overlap", owing to the fact that consumption of one item as corn syrup would be due to the production of one of the others, in this case soda pop (another example, than the previous one which is actually mentioned in the comic, could be gasoline which is produced from petroleum ).\nThe top panel is in actual size (something Randall often jokes about, like in the very next released what if? Eat the Sun, where he shows part of the sun in actual size in the 2nd picture, but in this comic he actually means it). This means that if you look at the image in actual size (or measure lengths in the full size image) then the measured diameter is the diameter Randall has calculated the pipe should be, based on his data for the consumption of these substances.\nIn the second panel the pipes are too big for his drawing. To indicate the scale he has both inserted a woman (Blondie,) and the top panel has been shrunk down to indicate how much larger the bottom panel is (this is similar to the link between the panels in 980: Money). Using the size of the top panel and the smaller insert, it can be found that the scale is 20:1. The woman is 9&#160;cm tall in the image, which makes her 180&#160;cm \xe2\x80\x94 5 feet 11 inches \xe2\x80\x94 in "real life". The pipe next to her for gasoline would have a diameter of 2.2&#160;m.\nSince the caption at the top mentions both fluid produced and consumed in the US it becomes very difficult to find out which number Randall uses. For instance the consumption of wine in the US and the production of wine in the US is not necessarily the same as wine is both imported and exported. Should there then be two pipes? Unlike similar comics (like Money mentioned above) there are no references for where Randall has the data for this comic.\nAs usual with xkcd, the absurdity \xe2\x80\x94 and improbability \xe2\x80\x94 of routing the entirety of each fluid through a single pipe at any point is the source of humor.  In addition, despite Randall\'s stated assumption that all the fluids are magically flowing at the same rate as public water (4 meters per second), many could never actually do so; some "fluids" shown are too viscous (e.g. peanut butter, Silly Putty, meat), adhesive (e.g. maple syrup), or thermally impractical (e.g. glass, cheese, ice cream and yogurt). Lastly, many are just plain zany (e.g. saliva a reference to another what if? Saliva Pool). Note that at the bottom of the last panel there is a much larger pipe for the tap water used by the public. All substances are listed below in the table.\nThe title text refers to a possible future based on the idea of this comic in which all the pipes with the above-mentioned fluids will actually lead into the same hole as shown in the top right panel. This hole will then be the bowl of a giant blender that mixes all these substances together to a smoothie. The future people will then just come up to this blender and get a bucket full of this mix each day. In reality, this would be an impractical method of getting all of the fluids. Setting the logistical considerations of such a setup aside, this would mean that ketchup and salsa, both intended for human consumption, would be mixed with fluids which are harmful to humans, such as windshield wiper fluid.\nNote: "Soup" has been left out, and it might have been expected in this comic due to the similarity to this system with Beret Guy\'s use of a "soup outlet" as an entrepreneur in 1293: Job Interview.  It is probably a larger pipeline than salsa and possibly even ketchup. However, there are many different varieties of soups, and most soup is probably not bought finished, both very good reasons to not include it in the chart. But still the idea of having a soup outlet is very similar to this comic.\n\n