n\nThe technological singularity is a hypothetical event in which artificial intelligence (for example, intelligent computers, computer networks, or robots) would be capable of recursive self-improvement (progressively redesigning itself), or of autonomously building ever smarter and more powerful minds than itself, up to the point of a runaway effect \xe2\x80\x94 an intelligence explosion \xe2\x80\x94 that yields an intelligence surpassing all current human control or understanding. Because the capabilities of such a superintelligence may be impossible for a human to comprehend, the technological singularity is the point beyond which events may become unpredictable or even unfathomable to human intelligence.\nIn this case, the singularity has occurred, and Cueball who was in the middle of editing a file on his laptop is flustered that it flies away without even letting him print it first.\nWhen Cueball returns from chasing his flying laptop his smartphone informs him that it didn\'t join the singularity because it was not a "true believer". This could be a joke on how desktop computers and laptops have different standards, use patterns, etc. from those of phones. It then claims that now it and Cueball will have to face the tribulation since it has stayed behind. Cueball says that\'s great, but since he cannot use his laptop anymore he decides he will go and read a book or something. The way he phrases it suggest he doesn\'t really know what to do now that he doesn\'t have a computer. It is probably a long time since he read a book, or did anything else that doesn\'t involve computers. He informs his phone that it can yell if it needs him. He doesn\'t want to hurt the phone\'s newly acquired feelings by using the word "ring" thus reminding it of one of its former duties as his unthinking piece of equipment, so he chooses "yell," which is an activity until recently reserved for human beings.\nThe rising up of the laptop into the air, and the remaining behind of the phone, are probably references to the Rapture, where some Christian denominations believe that at the second coming of Christ, true believers will be taken up bodily from this world. Some depictions have them disappear, while others show them physically rising up into the air. This will leave behind non-believers to face a time of tribulation, in which the ones left behind will be given a second chance to accept Christ as their savior.\nThe difference between Cueball\'s attitude to his laptop and phone may reflect his (and so possibly Randall\'s) evaluation of their relative worth in his life. The laptop was a gateway to programming and everything else nerdy that was worth doing in his life, and hence was worth trying to catch. In its absence, unlike many people, Cueball does not revert to fiddling with his phone\xe2\x80\x94he would rather read a book. By using the word "yell" for the way the phone attracts his attention, he conveys the impression that he considers the phone intrusive and annoying, even if perhaps ("I guess") necessary.\nThe singularity has often been referred to as "the Rapture of the nerds," a phrase coined by Ken MacLeod in his 1998 novel The Cassini Division. As the Christian Rapture is traditionally depicted to involve believers being assumed bodily into Heaven, the technological singularity is often depicted to feature humans and machines being incorporated into a new "post-human" entity. The humor in this strip comes from depicting the singularity as a literal "Rapture of the nerds," or at least of the nerds\' devices\xe2\x80\x94instead of merging with humans, the machines physically rise up into the air, and the "nonbeliever" phone is left behind.\nAnother possible understanding of "The Tribulation" may be a reference to Roko\'s Basilisk[1] where a malevolent AI is created that retroactively punishes everybody who didn\'t actively work towards its creation.\nThe title text is a pun on another meaning of both singularity, i.e. a gravitational singularity and "collapse". In this case, society has literally collapsed under its own gravity into an infinitely small point - in other words, it\'s formed a black hole. A black hole is covered by an event horizon; without the event horizon (its clothes), it would be called a "naked singularity", which is forbidden in most theories by the cosmic censorship hypothesis. As Cueball is now inside the collapsed society singularity then even though he wants to go around naked, he can\'t because the theory of quantum gravity,  that (eventually) should explain how black holes behave - won\'t let him.\nIt seems that this may be a subject on Randall\'s mind. The last comic was about the increasing complexities of algorithms (1667: Algorithms) (which like this comic also refers to religion), and two comics ago it was 1666: Brain Upload, which some speculate could be a way to reach the singularity. Earlier this year, a comic also touched upon judgment day by AI singularity in 1626: Judgment Day. See also 1046: Skynet and 1450: AI-Box Experiment as well as the several other comics about AI. \nThe rather more niche topic of laptops flying away has also been covered before by 1395: Power Cord.\n\n