n\nThis comic portrays a series of press conferences with a US Treasury spokesperson (different from Cueball in the first panel as he has a bit of hair). The panels after the first summarize and ridicule the recent controversy over the upcoming redesign of US currency. The dialog between the US Treasury and reporters is paraphrased for comedic effect, but the events depicted are otherwise factual (including the punchline).\nAmerican currency has only once had a woman as the primary portrait on paper currency (Martha Washington was on the $1 Silver Certificate in the 1880\'s and 1890\'s), which is widely seen as a real problem. Responding to this issue, the Treasury Department initially planned to replace the portrait of Andrew Jackson in the $20 bill with a woman, to be chosen by public voting. Trail of Tears is a reference to the forced re-locations of Native American peoples that Andrew Jackson conducted during his presidency. This is now seen as a human rights violation on a massive scale, and is presented as a reason why Andrew Jackson should not be honored on American currency.\nThe timing of the release of this new bill with a woman was to be scheduled with the 100 year anniversary of Women\'s suffrage in 2020 and should thus preferably also be on the $20 bill.\nThe voting process selected Harriet Tubman, a 19th century abolitionist and a major figure in the Underground Railroad system which freed American slaves. Cueball is seen to be clearly pleased and excited about this prospect in the first panel, where he votes for her first, among several other options.\nThe list shows that Cueball chooses Tubman first representing the generic everyman and thus represents the about one in five that choose her first. But he may select up to three out of the fifteen selected candidates.\n\nThe other two women he chooses are:\nEleanor Roosevelt an American politician, diplomat, and activist. She was the longest-serving First Lady of the United States, holding the post from March 1933 to April 1945 during her husband President Franklin D. Roosevelt\'s four terms in office. She became the runner-up in the vote.\nRachel Carson, a pioneering environmentalist who is most famous for her book Silent Spring.\n\n\nSince Carson was not one of the options for the final round, where only four were selected (the other two were Rosa Parks, 3rd; and Wilma Mankiller, 4th), it is clear that Cueball was already voting in the primary ballot, where Roosevelt actually came in first.\nAt this point, bureaucratic and political complications arise. The Treasury Department announces that, instead of replacing Andrew Jackson on the $20 bill, she would replace Alexander Hamilton on the $10 bill. The reason given is that the $10 bill was scheduled for redesign first. A reporter asks why they can\'t simply change the schedule, but doesn\'t get a clear answer.\nThere is a suggestion from "Steve" to put Martin Shkreli on the $5 bill. Shkreli is a pharmaceutical executive and hedge fund manager who provoked controversy when he acquired the rights to an anti-parasite drug and raised the price by over 5000%, making it unaffordable for many people. He became known as "the most hated man in America". Naturally, Steve\'s suggestion receives short shrift, not least of which because it\'s a violation of Treasury policy and US law (as Shkreli is still alive). This may be the same Steve who messed up both 809: Los Alamos and 1532: New Horizons.\nThe plan to replace Hamilton likely seemed like an uncontroversial decision at the time. He was not especially well known among the American public and few people had an emotional attachment to his legacy. However, this changed abruptly when a Broadway musical about his life came out and become massively popular. By total coincidence, this play creates a flood of interest in Hamilton right at the time the currency decisions are being made and makes replacing his portrait politically complicated. The spokesperson suggests putting both Hamilton and Tubman on the $10 bill, but the reporters are clearly unhappy with this solution, probably because it seems to dilute the recognition being given to Tubman.\nFinally, the spokesperson announces that they will put Tubman on the $20 bill, but their schedule demands that they do the $10 bill first. They decide to put a "mural to women" on the new $10 bill to try and contain the tension until the new $20 bill is released. The reporters say that the Treasury has total control over the release of currency, so the simpler solution is just to change the schedule, but they apparently ignore that suggestion.\nIn the final panel, the spokesperson mentions that Jackson\'s portrait will still appear on the new $20 bill, seriously weakening the symbolism of replacing him and adding irony since Jackson was a slave owner. This is likely an effort to head off the complaints of traditionalists, but is seen here as an unfortunate attempt to avoid taking a real stand.\nIn the title text Randall reiterates that this is a rare case in politics in which there\'s a clear and simple solution. The Treasury has the authority to redesign currency, and a petition to Congress could change the release schedule to fit their needs. That makes all the compromises and backtracking unnecessary: they could simply replace Jackson with Tubman and hypothetically release the new $20 bill whenever they choose. Randall appears frustrated with the artificial constraints that are holding back what should be a simple and straightforward process although he does acknowledge that it takes time to evaluate the security of a redesign\'s resistance to counterfeiting.\nThe mention of the "weird pyramid eye thing" is a reference to the Eye of Providence, which is an old and somewhat arcane symbol that appears on the US $1 bill. Randall seems to be using this as an example of the outdated and frankly strange design of American currency, the implication that using that on all US dollar bills would constitute giving up on ever having a design relevant to the modern world. Also by replacing all portraits with this image, there would no longer be any gender controversy.\n\n