n\nThis comic takes three laser-based technologies - laser eye surgery, laserjet printers, and laser hair removal - and conflates them, with humorous results. These are illustrated through reviews by users of the resulting combinations. For the original combinations, the reviews are highly positive. For the new combinations, most are negative, because most of these new "technologies" are ill-conceived and possibly harmful.\nLaser eye surgery gets a positive review, since it has successfully corrected the reviewer\'s vision, no longer requiring them to use glasses. However, laser eye removal would be very painful, and thus the review is negative, stating that the reviewer had read the description incorrectly, likely believing it to be one of the real combinations on the chart. This is not the first time laser eye removal has been mentioned, see the lower right part in the 1619: Watson Medical Algorithm chart. Laser eye printer refers to printing on (or possibly of) an eyeball, which gets an "Eww" response.\nLaser jet surgery makes the reviewer nervous, as performing maintenance on a jet with lasers is potentially dangerous and could easily be done incorrectly. &#91;citation needed&#93; Alternatively, laser jet surgery could mean laser surgery done on a human from a jet aircraft with a laser mounted to it (unspecified whether the human being operated on is aboard that aircraft as well, another aircraft, or on land: in any case, not a safe idea). The ambiguity of the phrase may contribute to the person\'s concern. Laser jet removal implies the destruction of jets with lasers, which works, but angers the Federal Aviation Administration, and probably resulted in legal consequences for the reviewer. Laserjet printing gets a positive review, as it is legitimate printing technology that works well for the reviewer.\nThe Laser Jet Removal may refer to the real FAA concern of the many incidents of people using laser pointers against aircraft.\nLaser hair surgery is rated neutrally, with the reviewer pointing out that they consider the phrase to be bizarre and they note that the using a laser to cut hair results in a smell of burning hair. Laser hair removal is reviewed well, as it is a real process that effectively removes unwanted hair. Laser hair printer is negatively reviewed for being disgusting, the printer jamming, and the machine being unable to stop printing the hair.\nThe title text expands on the laser hair printer from the last entrance, displaying standard printer error messages, replacing "paper" with "hair". It also replaces "ink" with "color-safe conditioner".\n\n