n\nIn this comic, Ponytail is teaching a class about an animal referred to as a "bun". The word "bun" is short for bunny, an informal term used for a rabbit. The comic depicts a childish response to seeing a cute animal, except coming from an adult. The humor in the comic comes from a tone of absurdity in a classroom situation where lectures are expected to be serious.\nThe lecture opens with the fact that smaller buns are superior in rank, which is plainly false. Instead, the teacher clearly thinks that smaller bunnies are just cuter. She mentions that "king buns" may be seen around this time of year, which refers to rabbit kittens being born in the spring. Kittens would be smaller and cuter than any other rabbits because of their age. There is no mention of a "queen bun", but the gender of the kitten can be difficult to determine without a close examination. A prime example of a king bun can be seen here.\nMegan, who attends this biology class, expected to learn about rabbits and hares which are both lagomorphs, a mammalian order that also includes the pikas. Megan thus clearly has the correct understanding of what a "bun" is. Ponytail then claims that the word bun is the scientific term, and states that rabbit, hare, and lagomorph are informal ways to describe these animals, again being completely wrong as in reality bun is the most contracted and informal name for a rabbit.\nTwo students are then legitimately doubting that they\'re in the correct class and decide to check online (either the crude theories that Ponytail expressed, or their course schedule). A third student however appears to believe the lecturer uncritically, reminding the fellow students that they\'re looking upon the image of a king (i.e. a cute bunny).\nThe title text refers to photographing a rabbit and, for example, posting it on social media - something which would typically be done today if someone sees a cute rabbit in the wild. If the poster had failed to photograph the rabbit before it ran away, they may typically post a message saying something like "I saw a really cute bunny today!" with an emoji depiction of a rabbit (probably \xf0\x9f\x90\x87 or \xf0\x9f\x90\xb0). This is especially common in the area where Randall lives, as the urban rabbit population in the Cambridge/Somerville area has exploded, putting a large human population with relatively little previous experience with rabbit-sightings suddenly in the position of encountering them very frequently.&#91;citation needed&#93; Emoji has become a recurrent theme on xkcd.\nPonytail tells that buns have a hierarchy in which the smaller the bun, the higher its ranking is - a rank-size distribution. A "king bun" can be seen as an instance of the king effect, the phenomenon where the top one or two members of a ranked set show up as outliers. An interesting linguistic note is that in several Slavic languages (including Russian, Czech and Polish), the word for Rabbit literally means "Little King".\n231: Cat Proximity also shows an adult human reacting childishly to cute animals, though in a casual setting. A teacher teaching complete nonsense is depicted in 1519: Venus, though intentionally false. Another educator who is excited about their field is in 1644: Stargazing, but there the facts are true while being presented absurdly. These comics also show someone who should be acting maturely but fail to, and can be considered to be funny in the same way because of that.\n\n