n\n\n\n \n\n This explanation may be incomplete or incorrect: Errors in the year etc. should be collected in the trivia section. Another table with the possible year ranges and the length of their interval would be interesting. (Only for the political maps) What are the longest range after 1805 and how finely disected are the maps closer to today?If you can address this issue, please edit the page! Thanks.\n\nThe comic consists of a flowchart depicting various ways to tell what era a map is from based on present country borders and land forms. (Except in the Not a Political Map Branch (from "Can you see the familiar continents?" downwards), the comic applies to a political map.) While many of the options are very serious, a few bizarre options reference to fictional maps (Discworld, Narnia and Tolkien\'s Middle-earth), or consider that seagulls, staplers, tubas or breadboxes could be mistaken for a map. Randall also mentions US President Jimmy Carter being attacked by a giant swimming rabbit, an event previously referenced as one we must never forget in 204: America.\nThe flowchart, although probably effective in eventually identifying the production year of certain maps, is designed in a rather inefficient way as some early distinctions are already on a very detailed level before some really important distinctions (fictional or non-political map) are made. This, of course, adds to the humorous tone of the comic. It is also hampered by several smaller or larger error (see trivia), the biggest a whole section on I-25 that gives year in the range 1948-1952, before the I-25 was built and coming from a question that fixed the year range to 1960-1961.\nAdditionally, (possible) future maps including a "Radioactive Exclusion Zone" in the place of Colorado are mentioned. It predicts that some kind of nuclear incident will occur in Colorado (possibly at Rulison or Rio Blanco nuclear testing sites) in 2022. It also predicts that the area will be infested by radioactive spiders one year later.\nThe title text continues the path where the user has confused a seagull for a map by inquiring if the (presumed) seagull might be a banshee based on the effect of its screams.\n\n