n\nThis comic was written in honor of the Juno space probe, which made headlines around the world the day before this comic was posted, when it fired its engines and successfully entered into orbit around the planet Jupiter. \nIt was reported on the day of this comic\'s release that Juno arrived at its orbit one second off its planned schedule. Since the comic is based on such reports this may explain why this comic was released rather late on the day after Juno\'s arrival, and also why it was not the subject of the previous comic which was released on the day (fourth of July) when the space probe officially reached Jupiter. This makes it one of several space probe related comics to be released to celebrate the arrival of a space probe to its destination, the previous being 1551: Pluto, which celebrated the arrival of the New Horizon\'s probe at the planet Pluto.\nSpeaking at a NASA press conference, a blonde woman standing behind a lectern, announces that Juno has arrived at Jupiter within one second of its scheduled arrival. After traveling 1.7 billion miles (2.8 billion km) such precision is very impressive, which is acknowledged by someone from the press.\nThe joke is that one of the NASA engineers, Megan, reveals that they actually intended for Juno to arrive at Saturn, but actually arrived at Jupiter with a timing that was still apparently the same within one second. Given the reaction from the spokesperson, she knew this but it was not supposed to slip out.\nThis is, of course, not true, because if Saturn had been the intended target, Juno would have been off course by 10.25 AU (1 AU is the distance from the Earth to the Sun, or 149597870700 meters) when it arrived at Jupiter. Randall might be making a subtle (or not so subtle) reference to past difficulties NASA has had when converting to metric measurements\xe2\x80\x94in July 2016, Jupiter was 870 million kilometers (540 million miles) from Earth, while Saturn was 850 million miles (1.37 billion km) from Earth (about half the distance traveled by Juno). A similar measurement coincidence was noted in what if? A Mole of Moles. Also, Saturn is a maximum of 1.7 billion kilometers (1.1 billion miles) away from the Earth. For Jupiter, this distance is 968 million km (601 million miles) away. But when traveling between planets, long detours are necessary to reach the goal with a velocity that enables the space craft to go into orbit. So it is just a coincidence that Juno has traveled a distance to get to Jupiter in miles that fits with a possible distance to Saturn in kilometers. The mixup of units mentioned above was directly referenced in 1643: Degrees.\nThe mix-up of Jupiter and Saturn could be a reference to the book and the film 2001: A Space Odyssey  that were written simultaneously. In the book solely written by Arthur C. Clarke they go to Saturn. In the film (from 1968), however, they found it impossible to make Saturn\'s rings well enough to satisfy director (and co-writer) Stanley Kubrick so in the film version, they ended up at Jupiter instead. (Arthur C. Clarke later made the film canonical when he wrote the sequel 2010, where the plot would only work with Jupiter, mainly because of its size and partly due to its four big moons especially Europa).\n\n