n\nThis is the fourth entry in the ongoing xkcd Phone series, and once again, the comic plays with many standard tech buzzwords to create a phone that sounds impressive but would actually be very impractical.\nFrom the top-left, going clockwise:\n\n 18,000 \xce\xbcAh (micro-Ampere hours) nickel-lithium-iron battery (non-rechargeable) Phone battery capacity is measured in ampere-hours (which thanks to the magic of dimensional analysis, is just an unusual way of denoting electric charge, which equals 3600 Coulombs). Usually, the capacity is quoted in milliampere-hours (one-thousandth, or 10-3, of an ampere hour); however, this one is quoted in microampere-hours (one-millionth, or 10-6, of an ampere-hour), presumably as a marketing ploy to give a more impressive-looking number. Quoted in more standard terms, this phone\'s battery capacity is 18 mAh. In comparison, an iPhone 6+ has a battery capacity of 2,750 mAh.  This phone\'s battery is dreadful (under a typical current draw of 0.1A, it would power the phone for about 11 minutes). There is nothing normally called a "nickel-lithium-iron battery" - rather, this seems to be a malamanteau of the experimental nickel\xe2\x80\x93lithium battery and the common lithium ion battery (which does not contain any iron) or the lithium-iron-phosphate battery, often called lithium-iron, but more often called the LiFePO battery. The nickel\xe2\x80\x93iron battery may contain lithium hydroxide, but it\'s terrible for most applications. Worse, this battery is non-rechargeable, meaning that it would have to be replaced to use the phone again after it is exhausted (every 11 minutes, at that!).\n XKCD Phone 3 was powered by two AA batteries (not included), which have an energy capacity roughly 100 times larger.\n Many devices have a small second battery which is only used for keeping the clock time.  This could be such a battery.\n\n Subwoofer - A subwoofer is a large bass speaker, which this is not. Some phones do have high-quality speakers for playing music, but these are not placed right next to the earpiece - this would be a surefire way to deafen your users. When put next to Dog Whistle, this is probably a pun, since both relate to dogs; the sound a dog makes, at least in English, is "Woof".\n "Dog whistle" - A dog whistle is a high-pitched whistle that humans cannot hear, but dogs can.  In speaker terminology, a bass speaker is called a woofer because it could reproduce the low pitch of a dog bark.  A treble speaker is a tweeter; if this "whistle" is actually a speaker, it might be termed a supertweeter. The scare quotes may be a reference to "dog-whistle politics", in which certain phrases have a particular meaning to a segment of the audience that passes unnoticed by the rest. This allows a candidate to surreptitiously signal agreement with that group, without alienating the rest of the audience, among whom the ideas might be unpopular if plainly stated.\n xkcd Phone 2 contained a "dog noticer".\n\n Non-porous, washable - On the one hand, it\'s rare for a phone to be made of porous materials. On the other, there are legitimately waterproof phones that seal the speakers and ports with rubber.\n xkcd Phone 2 was also washable (though only once).\n\n WebMD partnership: cough-activated feature reads aloud a random diagnosis for "coughing" - WebMD is a website to help people diagnose themselves. For the vast majority of people, a cough just means an irritated throat or maybe a cold, but selecting randomly from all WebMD diagnoses gives some much more ominous - if very unlikely - ones, including ricin poisoning, plague, lung cancer and radiation poisoning.\n Wings - These wings resemble the ones found on sanitary towels (sometimes called "pads", making this a possible iPad pun) which attach the pad to the gusset and keep it in place between the woman\'s legs during her period (Menstruation cycle).  If actually functional as aerodynamic wings, they would likely come into play when the "SpaceX" impact protection feature becomes engaged, and would likely make holding the phone awkward if rigid.\n XKCD Phone 3 had a similarly positioned wristband.\n\n Beveled bezel - The bezel is the  ring around the edge of watches and screens. This one\'s beveled, which means it\'s cut at an angle.\n Bezeled bevel - Punning on the above. Doesn\'t make much sense, but could mean that it features a beveled edge which is surrounded by a bezel.\n Seedless - Fruit such as grapes can be "seedless", which means that they\'re grown from a special cultivar that doesn\'t grow seeds in the normal way. Making a phone seedless probably won\'t do anything, but it might hurt its random number generator.\n XKCD Phone 3 was boneless.\n\n Water resistant down to 30 meters and below 50 - Water resistance is often measured in terms of how deep an object can be submerged, since pressure increases with depth. In this case, the phone can be submerged to almost any depth, but there\'s an odd lacuna between 30 meters and 50 meters. It also plays with the confusion in describing depths greater than 50m as "below 50".  Alternatively, this might indicate the phone must remain dry above 50 meters altitude.\n xkcd Phone and XKCD Phone 3 could drown.  The latter was otherwise waterproof.  xkcd Phone 2 was only waterproof internally.\n In a previous comic, 870: Advertising, a similarly absurd range was used: "Up to 15% or more!"\n This could be mocking the "donut hole" in American Medicare drugs insurance, where people are insured up to a certain amount, then not insured, then insured again.  This doesn\'t appear to make sense to anyone.\n\n Turing-complete - A computer is Turing complete if it can perform all the operations needed to simulate a Turing machine. All modern computers are usually described as Turing complete, which would make this not very impressive, but no computer can ever be Turing complete in the truest sense (since they can only ever have a finite amount of memory) - if the xkcd Phone 4 is truly a universal computer, it\'s very impressive indeed.\n Gregorian/Julian calendar date switch - The Julian calendar is the predecessor to the modern Gregorian calendar - the difference is that the two calendars calculate leap years differently. The current difference between the calenders is 13 days, which will remain unchanged until February 2100. The Julian calendar is still used occasionally--mainly by Eastern Orthodox Christians--but it\'s not something so vital that it needs a hardwired switch on the front of the phone.\n SpaceX impact protection: when dropped, phone lands on barge - The rocket company SpaceX recently trialed a reusable rocket stage which after separating from the launch vehicle, lands on a drone barge to be reused.\n The title text pokes fun at the number of SpaceX rockets that crashed and exploded before they got the landing gear right.\n Parallel port - A parallel port is a type of interface which transfers high-volume simultaneous data.  It was often used to connect printers and other devices to computers, but was generally considered obsolete by the time smartphones began to appear on the market, and would be very bulky and slow compared to the USB ports generally used in phones.  It was commonly found together with serial ports, which are used for low-volume sequential data such as mouse movements.  Here it is paired with a serial interface for analog data with parallel outputs for several people.\n 12 headphone jacks - Phones often include a single headphone jack to allow the user to privately listen to a call, play music, etc. Twelve of them would be pointless overkill, especially given the difficulty of getting twelve people close enough to all use their headphones. Presumably joking about the constant rumours that Apple\'s next iPhone will not have any headphone jacks, and the weird vents on the bottom of the phone. It could also be a reference to one of the more talked-about modules for the upcoming Project Ara phone from google which gives 4 headphone jacks - not only allowing sharing between four people, but would also allow full surround-sound recording/playback at any location (something often limited to recording studios).\n Onboard cloud - The "cloud" is a catch-all term for the use of remote computers to store data, providing a backup if all local copies are lost and allowing the data to be accessed from a broad network. An "onboard cloud" would thus be a contradiction in terms, and appears to be a marketing ploy to use the "cloud" buzzword to describe the device\'s onboard storage capacity.\n New BrightGloTM display incorporates genetically spliced jellyfish protein (should have used the glowing genes, not the stinging ones) - Aequorea victoria jellyfish contain a protein called green fluorescent protein, the gene for which has been isolated and can be used in many ways. Unfortunately, the developers of this phone took the wrong gene, and ended up getting one of the hundreds of proteins from jellyfish venom, which will presumably mean that touching the screen becomes a painful experience.\n \xe2\x9c\x93 Certified - Twitter certifies accounts related to music producers, government, journalism, business, sports, and other more "official" types of accounts with a blue checkmark besides the twitter handle (besides the @whomever). It\'s of course nonsense for a phone to be twitter verified. Alternatively, it might be a reference to 1096: Clinically Studied Ingredient, in which buzzwords such as "tested" and "certified" are intended to make a given product sound more legitimate.\n Software-defined - Software-defined radios are quite popular in some areas, meaning the radio hardware is quite universal and can be adapted to different radio protocols just by  changing software. SDR would actually be quite a nice feature for a cellphone. Of course it doesn\'t specify if it\'s the radio that is software defined.\n Exposed ductwork - A phone shouldn\'t even have ductwork, unless it has a very sophisticated cooling system, but this could supply air to the dog whistle. Exposed ductwork is a trademark of Bowellist architecture such as the Lloyd\'s Building in London and the Pompidou Centre in Paris. Exposed ductwork is also considered a crucial flaw in a death star. May also refer to a transparent window in the side of the phone allowing the user to see the circuitry inside, similar to computer cases with transparent side panels popular among DIY computing enthusiasts.\n Voice interaction: Siri, Cortana, Google Now and Alexa respond simultaneously - These are all intelligent personal assistant software (from Apple, Microsoft, Google and Amazon respectively) and all do the same thing: control your phone and answer questions using speech recognition. Having all four talk at once would mean you\'d have a total cacophony while gaining nothing.\n XKCD Phone 3 might have included Siri.\n\n\n Did you know "4" is "IV" in Roman numerals?\xc2\xae\xc2\xa9\xe2\x84\xa2 - the tenth version of Apple\'s operating system for its Macintosh computer was labeled OS X, which was intended to be read as "oh ess ten".  Steve Jobs was irritated that everyone else preferred "oh ess ecks".  This phrase is labeled with trademark and copyright symbols, as if someone desires it to be the product\'s tagline but has poor understanding of relevant laws.  In particular, "\xe2\x84\xa2" is a symbol for unregistered trademarks while "\xc2\xae" is a symbol for registered trademarks.  If the phrase were an unregistered trademark, the owner would be prohibited from using "\xc2\xae".\n\n