n\nIn this comic, two groups of angry protesters are presented and labeled. They are likely not actually protesting side by side, but simply drawn side by side to compare their similarities.\nThe left group represents the Fashion Police with Cueball holding a sign saying Crocs not allowed (by showing a pair of Crocs shoes in a circle with a strike through it). Crocs are a type of clogs made of foam. There may be some ergonomic advantages to these special looking shoes, but they will never become fashionable. It is not the first time Randall mocks a special type of shoes (although here it may not so much be himself that are against Crocs, but rather he just chose something easy to recognize that the Fashion Police would hate). Previously in 1065: Shoes Randall was after shoes that has those creepy individual toes like Vibram FiveFingers. They will also never be a hit with the Fashion Police.&#91;citation needed&#93;\nThe right group represents the Grammar Police with another Cueball holding a sign with three commonly confused words beneath each other: Their (belongs to them), They\'re (contraction meaning "they are"), There (a location). The words are written on the sign to explain that there is a difference between these three almost identically-sounding words as many people confuse them with each other, and then the Grammar Police have to correct them (see 386: Duty Calls). See the Grammar Police on Twitter and also Linguistic prescription which comes up on Wikipedia when searching for Grammar Police.\nThe two groups look similar, standing in similar poses and apart from one Cueball holding signs in each group, one Megan is also in the front line of both groups. Hairy is only shown with the fashion police, together with yet another Cueball-like guy, while Ponytail is only shown with the grammar police together with a bald man with glasses.\nBoth types of police are groups of people who make fun of others who wear or say something that doesn\'t meet their criteria of "good". Fashion police are people who make fun of others who wear clothing that is mismatched, out of style/fashion or straight-up "ugly" to them. Grammar police are people who are "sticklers" to grammar rules and get mad or contradictory if someone uses non-standard grammar in a sentence. The comic explains how the two groups are similar to each other by listing eight points (plus a ninth in the title text) that can be used on both groups. See explanation in the table below.\nIn the caption below the comic Randall notes that he just realized that these are literally the same people because they both exhibit the listed traits. The use of "literally" to emphasize a statement is considered by the grammar police as a dread crime that should be pointed out as such, although the dictionaries already include this definition as acceptable. However it would likely be more appropriate to say figuratively the same people, see 725: Literally. On the other hand, fashion police are known for overusing "literally" in the way the grammar police finds disgusting.\nSince it seem like a safe assumption (see 1339: When You Assume) that there are more grammar pedants (see title text of 1652: Conditionals) than fashion police people who read xkcd, and it also would seem likely that many xkcd readers would dislike the Fashion Police (more), it seems likely that Randall is actually mainly targeting the Grammar Police people reading xkcd than the fashion people who do not. They will not like to be compared to the Fashion Police! Ponytail also represented the grammar police in 1576: I Could Care Less, where Megan puts her in place after she polices her sentence; this thus shows what Randall thinks about such police work and supports the above assumption. In 1576: I Could Care Less, "literally" was also used in the title text.\nRandall is, with regards to language, definitely one of those that can belong in this group: To seem cool and casual, pretend to ignore them while understanding them very well.\nThe title is a ninth point on the list with the star in front representing one more bullet (see the last entry in the table below): \n\nMad about jorts.\n\n