n\nThe Manhattan Project was a big, expensive, secret research and development project that produced the first nuclear weapons during World War II.  Because of the unprecedented scale of the project, which involved some of the brightest minds in science and the efforts of thousands of people, "Manhattan Project" has become a metaphor for any kind of all-out effort involving the top minds of a discipline to achieve a single objective, often expressed as the phrase "We need a \nnew Manhattan Project [1] [2]".\nThe day before this comic was released the following announcement was made: Microsoft will \xe2\x80\x98solve\xe2\x80\x99 cancer within the next 10 years by treating it like a computer virus. And on the day this comic was released (but probably after the comic was released) there was a press conference where Mark Zuckerberg and Priscilla Chan Pledge $3 Billion to Fighting Disease (all disease in general.) This is the kind of projects that could be called Manhattan type projects and these (at least the Microsoft announcement) could be the reason this comic came out now.\nIn this comic, Ponytail starts by making the suggestion that they should create a "new Manhattan Project" to cure cancer. Taken figuratively, this would imply a heavily-funded, massive collaborative effort involving the best scientists in the field of cancer research, and is not an unreasonable idea in itself. However, she and her fellow scientists all take the idea literally instead, and the New Manhattan Project ends up actually developing a nuclear bomb. In the final panel, Ponytail appears to realize that this runs somewhat counter to her original objective (not to mention is redundant, as the original Manhattan Project already invented the nuclear bomb). \nThe title text hastily justifies this mistake by claiming a partial success; that their nuclear detonation did, indeed, kill all cancer within the blast radius of the explosion. However, it fails to mention that the blast would also kill everything else as well. It also admits that the explosion would most likely end up causing more cancer due to the ionizing radiation and fallout. The title text is reminiscent of both the main comic and the title text of 1217: Cells.\nThis was the first time since 1355: Airplane Message, more than two years ago, that Randall mentions cancer (on a banner!), a recurring subject on xkcd, but mainly around the time when his then-fianc\xc3\xa9e (now wife) was diagnosed with Stage III breast cancer in October of 2010. Interestingly enough there are only two facts in that previous comic, and that other fact (from the title text) was referenced the week before this comic came out in 1732: Earth Temperature Timeline. But it could be a coincidence.\nThe Manhattan Project was the scene of 809: Los Alamos, and a story from the site is being told in 1520: Degree-Off. According to 980: Money the Manhattan project used $24,400,000,000. Nuclear weapons in general has been a recurrent subject on xkcd and their invention was also mentioned last week in 1732: Earth Temperature Timeline around 1950 CE. The previous comic with a similar mushroom cloud was 1655: Doomsday Clock, and in that comics explanation at least three other "recent" comics about such weapons of mass destruction are mentioned.\n\n