n\nThis comic humorously lists how likely computer code is to function on the user\'s computer based on the source of the code.\nApp store or package manager:  Most likely referring to the Apple\'s Mac or iOS App Store, Google\'s Google Play, Microsoft\'s Windows or Windows Phone Store, or package managers such as Debian\'s Advanced Packaging Tool (APT). Programs in the App Store are already compiled from raw code into executable files that have been tested on their respective platform, and so should be expected to run with no effort from the user. Similarly, a package manager for a Linux OS handles downloading and installing the program requested, as well as installing any dependencies (other programs or libraries needed by the desired program) automatically.\nGitHub Link: GitHub is a website where people can host Git repositories of code that they are working on. Since Git is built to track changes in code for an entire project, it is likely that all of the code needed to run the project is included in the download. One reason it may be less reliable than the previous entry is that it may not include external libraries expected to already be on the user\'s computer.\nSourceForge Link: SourceForge is similar in scope to GitHub&#160;: hosting source code repositories but also binary packages. But it is older and dwindling in popularity. As a results, a project hosted on SourceForge is more likely to be abandoned.\nGeocities/Tripod Link: Geocities is a now defunct free website host. Tripod is a similar website host owned by Lycos. The fact that the software comes from there means that nobody has paid attention to the project since Geocities shut down. Which could mean that code rot has begun to take effect, with various dependencies being less and less likely to work over time.\nCopy-and-paste example from paper\'s appendix: Some academic papers publish code or pseudocode (example of a paper with pseudocode in appendix) in order to illustrate their concepts, strategies or algorithms. Often this code is not meant to be compiled because it is thought to illustrate ideas rather than be used in an actual working piece of software. Copying and pasting this code and trying to compile it will rarely give a satisfactory results, and that is why it is at this point in the comic\'s spectrum.\nAnything that "requires only minimal configuration and tweaking": The punchline of the comic is that something advertised as having been tested and working with "minimal configuration and tweaking" on the system it was developed on turns out to be a frustrating mess that will almost inevitably require huge fixes for anybody else trying to get it to function. It\'s also often used by technically advanced people who are not aware how difficult even minimal configuration and tweaking can be  for beginners.\nThe title text refers to websites such as Stack Overflow that allow users to post questions about their code and other users answer. Websites like StackOverflow usually generate useful answers but the quality may be lower if the conversation is disgruntled (i.e. if the asker has put in very little effort to solve the problem themselves) or if the language is less commonly used. The title text of 1185: Ineffective Sorts also references executing arbitrary code until it works, in that comic the code is actually mentioned as being from StackOverflow.\nSaying that something "depends on the phase of the moon" usually means that there is some apparently random component to the problem, as neither the performance of a program nor the quality of answers on websites should depend on the position of the moon in its orbit. However, there was at least one case where the phase of the moon did, in fact, trigger a bug in code.  This comic released the day after Rosh Hashanah, a Jewish holiday that always occurs at or near a new moon.  It is not clear whether this is why Randall was thinking about moon phases or just a coincidence.\nThe shape of the moon was the subject of 1738: Moon Shapes released during the week before this comic was released. This comic is called Will It Work, the previous comic was just called 1741: Work\n\n