n\nIn this comic Cueball and Megan are anticipating guests.  Offering coffee to house guests is a commonly-accepted courtesy in the United States (and most of the western world). However, they seem to be unaware of the basics of coffee making. Cueball is concerned that this lack of knowledge is an indication of their mutual immaturity (thinking of himself as a "fake adult"), \nThis comic thus follows a frequently used theme of people growing up but finding themselves unable or unwilling to accept traditional adult roles (see 150: Grownups, 441: Babies, 616: Lease, 905: Homeownership and 1674: Adult). While there are cultures where coffee is served to children, it is generally seen in the United States (and western world) as an adult beverage&#8212;like beer which has also served as the subject in the comic 1534: Beer.\nMegan is, however, confident that the necessary steps can be determined. The steps she follows however are quite unorthodox...\nShe attempts to make coffee by pouring the ingredients on the ground (misinterpreting the meaning of "ground coffee"), sucking it up with a Dyson vacuum cleaner (misinterpreting the meaning of "vacuum brewing"), then boiling the mixture by placing the vacuum cleaner\'s removable plastic canister over a hot stove, and pouring the resulting sludge through the vacuum-cleaner filter (instead of a standard coffee filter).\nMegan says she is a regular "Starbuck" after pouring the batch of coffee, believing the name of the cafe chain Starbucks to be synonymous with the actual job title "barista", further indicating a general lack of knowledge regarding the subject of coffee. The Starbucks coffee chain was loosely named after the fictional character Starbuck from the book Moby Dick, she could be referring to this, although Starbuck had nothing to do with coffee brewing! See more trivia about Starbuck below.\nThis method of making coffee would be very expensive as it would most likely destroy the vacuum-cleaner canister and filter. If the vacuum cleaner had ever been used, then it would not be very hygienic either, although if it had not been used then the floor would probably also be very unhygienic anyway. On the other hand floors are always unhygienic. Since the plastic from the canister has probably also gone into contact with the sludge after being heated over open fire, there is a high risk that this "coffee" is actually poisonous for more than one reason.\nThe title text refers to the expense of replacing the "filter", as vacuum-cleaner filters are considerably more costly than single-use coffee filters.\nThis was the first of two comics in a row about food, the next being 1744: Metabolism.\n\n