n\nA vinyl disc (also known as a gramophone record) is a type of storage medium that stores music on the disc with a groove.  As the disc turns, a stylus rides along the groove and translates the pattern of the wiggles of the groove into sound.  This sound then causes a magnetic or piezoelectric transducer to transform the sound into a corresponding electric current, which is then amplified. These are often played on a phonograph (also known as record players (since 1940s) or, most recently, turntables). The noise referred to as a "record scratch" can be caused by someone attempting to stop the record\'s play by dragging the stylus across the radius of the record, or by stopping the disc\'s rotation with one\'s hand (opposing the turntable\'s rotation). As a result, this is often used as a sound effect in movies for comedic effect. This type of sound is also often used in hip-hop music; in particular, rapidly and manually rotating the disc in both clockwise and counterclockwise directions.\nThe comic pokes fun at a movie clich\xc3\xa9 in which the story opens with the main character in some kind of unbelievable predicament, followed by a record scratch, seemingly freezing time as the character narrates, "Yup, that\'s me. You\'re probably wondering (how I ended up in this situation)." The rest of the story then follows, often by going back in time to depict the events that leads up to the situation of the opening scene. So in this case it would be interesting to know why Cueball is at a party where everyone has wine glasses in their hands, but suddenly one of the glasses (Cueball\'s or his nearest adversary\'s) is lying on the floor, and why it seems like a fight is about to break out. This is what the movies would normally begin to explain (typically in a flashback) after the scratch. At the time of the comic\'s posting, parodying the clich\xc3\xa9, variations on the phrase had become a popular meme on social media.\nAs the record scratch continues to be used despite the fact that record players (gramophones) have largely become obsolete technology, Randall pokes fun at this by beginning this meme by giving the backstory on what that sound actually is, (as many people from the younger generation may very well not know this), rather than giving context to the situation via a story. This is yet one more of Randall\'s comics that is trying to make people feel old, and is likely most relevant to those who have actually used vinyl to listen to music, comedy or other recordings.\nThe title text indicates (in a manner similar to that of 891: Movie Ages) that the "78-rpm era" \xe2\x80\x93 referring to the fact that the original industry standard of records making 78 revolutions per minute (rpm) (1925-1950s) \xe2\x80\x93 is now closer to the time of the American Civil War (1861-1865) than it is to present day, another way that Randall is making the reader feel old. Note; these 78 rpm records were made of shellac, not of vinyl.\n\n