n\nThis comic is a continuation of the previous comic about a time-traveler from the future who has come to see spiders. See 1747: Spider Paleontology for a more complete explanation of this part of the joke. \nThe idea is that history is filtered in similar fashion to fossils.  What is contemporaneously important, like a spider\'s web, dinosaur feathers, or the United States presidential election may not survive.  Bandwidth limits may pass seemingly less important but much simpler features like chitin exoskeleton, tooth bone, and flood meme.\nThe joke is that, in the future, the 2000 Aaron Carter pop song "That\'s How I Beat Shaq" (lyrics, video) is considered as valuable a historical document when researching humans as the Biblical story of Noah\'s Flood. While secular historians consider the story of the Flood to be mythical, they still use it to infer facts about the early history of the Middle East, simply because there are a fairly small number of texts surviving from that era. "That\'s How I Beat Shaq" is, likewise, a fictional story including some true elements; it\'s just that as long as there are abundant sources documenting life in the year 2000, there\'s no reason to consult the song in any historical context. Yet it is the latter story that the time traveler assumes to be a clearly religious one, while seeing the former as a relatively straightforward survival story. A further layer of humor is that "That\'s How I Beat Shaq" is an archetypal David and Goliath story&#8212;the story of David and Goliath of course being a Biblical one as well.\nThe title text expands on the joke by saying that the future archaeologists connected the two historical documents via the biblical story of Moses. Moses (next man specifically chosen by God after Noah and Abraham; the two stories appear close together in the Bible, though not close together chronologically) also had an older biological brother named Aaron; the future species has hastily concluded that Moses\' brother and Aaron Carter are one and the same. According to the Bible, God parted the Red Sea for Moses and the Israelites; this is often referred to, either erroneously or out of simplification, as Moses having parted the Red Sea. Along with Noah\'s Flood, this is one of the two major times in the Bible that God effects grand change on a body or bodies of water.\nBoth this comic and the previous one have titles of a noun followed by a field of research. \nThis comic was published the day after the what if? Flood Death Valley, thus referring indirectly to a new possible flood history. It was the first what if? post in almost three month, the longest break between two post during 2016 (and third longest of all time at the time of its release), and it thus seems realistic that there should be some kind of connection between that and this comic.\n\n