n\n\n\n \n\n This explanation may be incomplete or incorrect: Other interpretations of the growling mushroom and the ghost in the title text, or more on the existing may be relevant...If you can address this issue, please edit the page! Thanks.\nCueball is looking at a mushroom contemplating how weird they are when Megan adds another layer to their weirdness by supplying the trivia that evolutionarily, mushrooms are closer to the animal kingdom than to plants on the tree of life.\nBoth animals and fungi are part of the opisthokont group, while plants are in archaeplastida group with the algae.  This surprises Cueball, as he like many other people is likely to think of mushrooms as plants as they are "grown" just like other crops. But what people with this misconception often fail to remember are facts like the fact that the edible mushrooms like Agaricus bisporus (or white mushroom) are farmed in caves without any sunlight, which is a prerequisite for almost any plant life, as almost all plants need to be able to use photosynthesis to grow, and thus needs sunlight. (There are a few exceptions, such as Monotropa uniflora, which are parasitic upon the mycorrhizal fugi wich are symbiotic with other nearby photosynthetic plants.)\nMegan then walks away, and Cueball, after pondering the mushroom a while further, gets up and walks away too. But as soon as Cueball has his back turned the mushroom growls after him. Cueball spins around to look back at the now again silent mushroom. This is a bit of absurdist humor; while mushrooms are technically more animal-like than plant-like (they are eukaryotic organisms that do not use photosynthesis) fungi are still so far removed from animals they wouldn\'t have any of the body parts needed to growl. For that matter, most animals lack the parts needed to growl.  Cueball\'s shock and astonishment is quite justified, and maybe it was just his imagination running wild after Megan\'s trivia.\nThe title text takes this further, by stating that mushrooms are technically a type of ghost. Arguably, since they arise from decaying remains. The title text may refer to 1240: Quantum Mechanics or 1475: Technically.\n\n