n\nThis comic is pointing out the fact that many of the comments on YouTube videos are insipid and poorly informed, being pointless arguments over some minor topic, or factually incorrect position. In this case, the Moon landing hoaxers are at the receiving end of Randall\'s pen.\n\n The comment by Rocckir just states that the video is obviously fake, with no evidence or explanation.\n\n The comment by BigMike133 confuses the Space Shuttle (which was never capable of landing on the Moon) with the Apollo Lunar Module.\n\n The comment from GunPistolMan claims that the video is fake due to the mistaken belief that the Moon would have no gravity, whereas in reality every object in the universe made of matter has gravity, including the Moon, comets, asteroids, moons of other planets and so on. The gravity of the Moon is approximately 1/6th the gravity of Earth.\n\n The comment by CrackMonkey74 names Louis Armstrong, a famous jazz musician, who may have waxed lyrical about the moon, but never went there. The ill-informed commenter actually means Neil Armstrong, who was the first person to walk on the Moon. The dare to accuse Armstrong to his face may be a reference to an incident where moon-hoax conspiracy theorist Bart Sibrel confronted Buzz Aldrin and called him "a coward, and a liar, and a thief". Aldrin responded by punching Sibrel; Sibrel\'s attempt to bring charges was dismissed on the grounds that he had provoked Aldrin to the point where the punch was a justified response.\n\n The comment by SimplePlan2009 presents, likely mocking the other commenters, the ludicrous position that the Moon shot was faked by suggesting that the footage was filmed by actors on Mars, a planet that at its closest approach to Earth is over a hundred times farther away than the Moon. Landing humans on Mars (much less landing enough people and equipment to set up a soundstage) is a feat that has still not been accomplished&#91;citation needed&#93;, and if it had been possible during the Apollo era, the landing on the Moon would have been a trivial task in comparison. In other words, why go through all the trouble of faking it, if doing it for real would have been no trouble at all?\n\nThis comic was published in December 2006. In July 2009, a restored video showing Neil Armstrong\'s first moonwalk was uploaded to YouTube. User Michael Huang copied to that video\'s comments section all the sentences in this comic. Then, after some other users took some of his comments seriously, he later added another comment stating "This entire comment chain is from the famous webcomic, xkcd". The comments are copied verbatim, including typos and grammar errors. The only mistake is in the first comment: Michael Huang included only one question mark when the comic has three of them.\nThe title text is the first reference to Sheeple which appeared a few more times in xkcd comics. The reputation of YouTube comment threads as cesspools of abject stupidity and blatant trolling is revisited in 301: Limerick and 481: Listen to Yourself. The username CrackMonkey74 appears again in 406: Venting and 574: Swine Flu\n\n