n\nThis comic deals with two linked themes, which both come under the umbrella of existentialism, a branch of philosophy.\nBeret Guy invites Cueball to join him in a two-seat kayak trip. However, Cueball is confused by his intention.\nBeret Guy initially words his invitation to Cueball as "come explore the future". However, this confuses Cueball, as he believes that Beret Guy\'s kayak can travel through time in a science fiction sense. In reality, Beret Guy is being more literal: after all, as the title-text emphasizes, "there\'s future everywhere"; everything is "travelling through time" simply by existing, as time is just another dimension. Beret Guy\'s comments show that he perceives all of life as an adventure, and just as exciting as time travel; his eagerness to "explore" it shows that he takes delight in the unpredictability of life. In this way, the comic criticizes people who become depressed with the lack of control they have over their future: Beret Guy suggests that, rather than continuously worrying, we should enjoy the thrill of the unknown.\nCueball asks Beret Guy why he wishes for a kayak trip, as there is no intrinsic purpose or logic behind this action. However, Beret Guy claims that, in fact, nothing has any intrinsic purpose in the long run, and thus there is no reason not to go on a kayak trip. In this case, if a kayak trip is likely to make you happy, it is the right thing to do. In this way, the comic could be seen as criticizing those who do not take advantage of life\'s opportunities.\nBeret Guy\'s comments reference existentialism, which is a branch of philosophy that states that there is no intrinsic purpose or meaning to anything in life, as nothing will influence our eventual fate - death. It also states that there is no way of predicting what will happen to us, and that the future is always unknown. The solution is therefore to find one\'s own purpose in life, and make the most of life\'s opportunities while they are still available.\nMaking the most of life, and rationalizing the familiar, has also been explored in these comics:\n\n167: Nihilism\nThe Choices arc.\n308: Interesting Life\n187: The Familiar\n\n