n\nFour people are playing a role-playing game. Megan is the game master (GM), describing the adventure and what happens. The other people control imaginary characters in the game. Cueball attempts to have his character lead other characters in the imaginary construction of dice and gaming sheets. This would allow his character to become the GM of a new game inside the game they\'re currently playing. "Recursing" refers to "recursion," a concept of computer programming where a piece of code calls itself, essentially making the code run multiple times "within" itself. Looping is a rudimentary form of recursion.\nIt should be noted that the GM has multiple ways of dealing with this scene. She could simply allude to the success or failure of the recursive game and "skip to the next scene", allow the roleplaying to continue (with crafting checks determining the quality of the miniatures, and a gambling check determining the outcome of the in-universe rpg session), have the party\'s plans be interrupted by some sort of threat,  or Megan could simply drop huge rocks on the party.\t\nThe title text refers to a pair of fictional rings. Anything passing through one gets teleported instantly to the other, as if the two rings were next to each other. There\'s an old gamer theory that, if you drop one of the rings in the ocean, water will naturally pass through it and out the other ring, potentially draining the entire ocean, or at least creating a perpetual seawater fountain out of the other ring. And if you teleported one ring directly to the bottom of the ocean, the amount of pressure pushing the water through would cause a gigantic, never-ending torrent, obliterating anything placed in its path. That idea is drawn out in 969: Delta-P. A similar concept is addressed in What If? 53, "Drain the Oceans, where a reader asked "How quickly would the ocean\'s drain if a circular portal 10 meters in radius leading into space was created at the bottom of Challenger Deep, the deepest spot in the ocean? How would the Earth change as the water is being drained?". This question may have been inspired by the mention of throwing teleport rings into the ocean in this cartoon.\nThe rings themselves are most likely inspired by the "Ring Gates" item from the Dungeons and Dragons 3.5 Dungeon Master\'s Guide (the most recent edition of Dungeons and Dragons at the time this comic was published), which had a similar function. However, a key thing to note is that the rings only allow 100 lbs of material to pass through them each day, meaning that your geyser would only erupt every 24 hours (though this may still qualify as an "interesting result").\n\n