n\nBlack Hat is trying to make the world a weirder place by shipping bobcats to his eBay buyers. Ordinarily, negative feedback is used to warn future buyers about sellers that ship broken products or post misleading listings. In this case, the unfortunate buyer is leaving feedback warning future buyers that Black Hat ships bobcats instead of the actual products, though "would not buy again" seems to be a rather feeble response to the replacement. This appears to have been a continuing project, as Cueball receives random packages a year and a half later (576: Packages). Four years later, it is shown that you can blackmail Black Hat into not sending you a bobcat (837: Coupon Code). This comic is also referenced in a popular Amazon review for Randall Munroe\'s book, What If: Serious Scientific Answers to Absurd Hypothetical Questions.\nLike the weak "would not buy again" comment is a play on the stock "would buy again" comment often found in positive eBay feedback, the title "A-Minus-Minus" is a play on the frequent comment "A++".  That in turn, sometimes with varying numbers of pluses, seems to be an easy way people use to pad the end of an eBay comment field to the maximum 80 characters. It\'s also a reference to jokes in which exceptionally good schoolwork is graded with extra pluses after an A+ (and exceptionally bad work is graded with large numbers of minuses after an F). And finally, it\'s also a subtle reference to the Futurama episode A Big Piece of Garbage; at one point in that episode, Wernstrom, as an act of petty revenge, gives Farnsworth "the worst grade imaginable": an A-minus-MINUS. \nThe title text is about a flaw in eBay\'s feedback system: You can intentionally do nasty things to your buyers and get very bad reviews, but still have overall high feedback scores as long as you don\'t do it too often. (See also 937: TornadoGuard, which shows a different flaw in the concept of averaging reviews\xe2\x80\x94namely that five-star reviews for aesthetic qualities are weighted equally to one-star reviews for major functional deficits\xe2\x80\x94and 1098: Star Ratings, which addresses the topic as well.) These reviews would be disregarded by future customers as well for their weirdness.\n\n