n\nThis is the first part of five in the "1337" series. The title 1337 is "L-eet", or "elite", using the Leet alphabet, a coding system used primarily on the internet (and on early text messaging system), meant to provide a bit of obfuscation to plain text both to make it harder to read, and to show off in a creative way using in-group jargon. This comic series is aimed at elite hackers and programmers.\nAll comics in the series:\n\n341: 1337: Part 1\n342: 1337: Part 2\n343: 1337: Part 3\n344: 1337: Part 4\n345: 1337: Part 5\n\nThis series was released on 5 consecutive days (Monday-Friday) and not over the usual Monday/Wednesday/Friday schedule.\nIf a wireless network (WiFI) is unsecured it is usually a sign that the owner of the access point is not technically skilled enough to go into the admin panel and enable encryption. Obviously, someone in the area who wants to get on the net, but doesn\'t have a mobile data connection, will simply use this open access point. However, it is also common practice to leave open an access point to be able to claim that infringement of copyright may not have been the homeowner, but that anybody could have connected to the access point and started downloading files.\nAnother fun trick, for administrators of open APs, is to intercept pages and edit their contents. The only way to stop this is to create a secure connection, or tunnel, to a server to stop the admin from playing man-in-the-middle. Of course, as the title text says, Mrs. Roberts is so cool, she can edit the tcp stream live, without the help of programs, but then there is help to get with tools like the Upside-Down-Ternet, if you wish to play games with people misusing your WiFi.\nNot only is Mrs. Roberts awesome enough to manually edit the live tcp stream, she\'s also manually ending individual VPN and SSH connections as Cueball\'s Cueball-like friend makes them - while  wearing oven mitts and baking cookies at the same time. He has been pwned (i.e. owned) by Mrs. Roberts.\nThe question "How does she type with oven mitts?" is likely a reference to the old web video site Homestar Runner and its character of Strong Bad, who answered emails while wearing boxing gloves. "How does he type with boxing gloves?" was the most common question he received. (Another unanswered question is how Cueball\'s friend knew she was typing with gloves on?\' ...)\n\n