n\nThis is the fourth part of five in the "1337" series. The title 1337 is "L-eet", or "elite", using the Leet alphabet.\nAll comics in the series:\n\n341: 1337: Part 1\n342: 1337: Part 2\n343: 1337: Part 3\n344: 1337: Part 4\n345: 1337: Part 5\n\nThis series was released on 5 consecutive days (Monday-Friday) and not over the usual Monday/Wednesday/Friday schedule.\nThe comic is narrated by Cueball as seen in part 2 comic, but that Cueball is not shown here, but still he is part of this comic series, and thus also this comic.\nIn this part Elaine Roberts returns to the second best hacker in the world, (she being the best according to part 2), her mom Mrs. Roberts. Together they are an unstoppable force and they help out a guy called Jon with a CSS decryptor.\nThis implies that Jon Lech Johansen\'s DeCSS was written by Elaine. Jon Lech Johansen, also known as DVD Jon, is famous for DeCSS, a DVD decryption program that removes the copy protection from commercial DVDs. The Motion Picture Association of America, also known as the MPAA, were not amused. \nBoth the MPAA and the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) use the Digital Millenium Copyright Act, shortened to DMCA, as a kind of brute club to silence "infringements" on their copyright. In a perfect world, the DMCA provides safe harbor protection to websites and consumers to make fair use of copyrighted content while also affording copyright owners the ability to protect their works from being pirated. In this world, this means that any content protection system, no matter how weak and poorly executed, cannot be circumvented and discussion of circumvention is illegal as well.\nThis is not a perfect world and in the end the Roberts team is noticed and two men with black bowler hats and briefcases with the abbreviations MPAA and RIAA shows up at their house to arrest them. The two men look very much like Thomson and Thompson from The Adventures of Tintin.\nWhen Elaine is not ready to let them arrest her, and draws her knife, they instead draw their katana swords, out of their (way too short) briefcases. Mrs. Roberts says to her daughter that she should calm down because it is illegal to slice people up in their own houses.\nHowever the two men disagree and refer to the DCMA Title IV, Section 408: Authorization of Deadly Force. So now the two women are in lethal danger. \nBut of course, Richard Stallman, founder of the GNU Project and stalwart defender of freedom and copyleft, cannot stand for this kind of repression of freedom. (In the real world, Stallman is not a swordsman, but he is always depicted with two katana swords in xkcd, first time was in 225: Open Source; there is also no Title IV, Section 408 of the DMCA; Title IV ends with Section 407.) In keeping with the "Kill Bill" themes from earlier in the series, Randall imagines the conflict between Elaine/Stallman/Mrs. Roberts vs MPAA/RIAA agents as an action-packed katana battle rather than the legal battle it would likely have been in real life.\nThe title text is talking about a Linux-ism. In Linux (and all Unix derivatives) ~ is a symbol for a user\'s home directory (usually /home/&lt;username&gt;). Presumably "nomad" is Elaine\'s username. find is an application that recursively walks a filesystem, listing all files, and xargs shred takes those files and securely erases each one with pseudo-random data. This is different from simply deleting a file, which merely removes the pointer in the filesystem\'s record tables to the file\'s location on the hard disk. The latter can usually be recovered from, secure delete however requires physically taking apart a disk and reading individual bits for remaining magnetic charge to attempt to reconstruct what was there.\nProprietary hardware is hardware (the electronics part rather than the software) created and uses only by that company as opposed to open hardware that uses parts or chips common to everyone. Proprietary hardware used to found in most gaming consoles and apple/mac devices but that isn\'t as common now since the cost of designing your own hardware is too expensive compared to using common chips.\n\n