n\n\n\n \n\n This explanation may be incomplete or incorrect: Missing great explanation of Stallman proposal to join GNU and what about his encourage sharing in the public mind? Defacing websites?If you can address this issue, please edit the page! Thanks.\n\nThis is the fifth and last part of five in the "1337" series. The title 1337 is "L-eet", or "elite", using the Leet alphabet.\nAll comics in the series:\n\n341: 1337: Part 1\n342: 1337: Part 2\n343: 1337: Part 3\n344: 1337: Part 4\n345: 1337: Part 5\n\nThis series was released on 5 consecutive days (Monday-Friday) and not over the usual Monday/Wednesday/Friday schedule.\nThe comic is narrated by Cueball as seen in part 2 comic, but that Cueball is not shown here, but still he is part of this comic series, and thus also this comic, as he narrates the epilogue.\nRichard Stallman is the ardent defender of freedom and believer in copyleft, he also founded the GNU Project. (He is not really a sword fighter but is always depicted with swords when featured in xkcd, which is in this series and in 225: Open Source).\nIn the previous part he came to the rescue of Mrs. Roberts and her Daughter Elaine Roberts. Stallman and Elaine quickly overpowers the two enemies with black bowler hats that represents The Motion Picture Association of America, (MPAA) and the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) use the Digital Millenium Copyright Act who had found out about the Roberts hacking.\nJust when the two men have been defeated Elaine asks how Stallman knew they where in trouble and he tels it was his friend that told him about it. The friend enters by climbing down a rope from the sky with red cape and googles. It turns out it is Cory Doctorow, a blogger, journalist, and science fiction author who serves as co-editor of the weblog Boing Boing. He is an activist in favor of liberalizing copyright laws and a proponent of the Creative Commons organization. He does not really travel around in a balloon or (usually) wear a red cape, but Randall introduced this idea in 239: Blagofaire and has continued it in later comics featuring Cory Doctorow. So he in climbing down from his ballon. \nHe uses the balloon to to construct the Blogosphere, which is a name used to refer to all blogs on the Internet, many of which frequently link to and refer to other blogs. Here, the Stallman character talks about it as though Cory Doctorow actually constructs it and  Cory Doctorow talks about it as if it were a portion of the atmosphere 20 km up over the tag clods... \nBlogs often label posts with keywords, known as tags. A Tag cloud is a way of displaying the tags on a site where the more common tags appear in larger type than less-common ones. It has no relationship to actual water vapor clouds in the sky, but in the comic, the Doctorow character suggests that tag clouds are actually in the air, below the new blogosphere.\nAt this point we see that Mrs. Roberts still sits programming while this fight and discussion takes place. Her son Little Bobby Tables comes and tells her he is hungry, but mommy does not have time when she is coding, and tells him that he ate yesterday, so what\'s the problem. It seems that he is still a kid, even though it must have been some years since the young Elaine left and grew up. But she may still be a very young adult, in which case her little brother could still be lower than his mom.\nStallman give Elaine a proposal to join GNU as a coder. But she is not ready yet as she wished to take down the industry of MPPA and RIAA as Music doesn\'t need these assholes. In the meantime Cory Doctorow throws the bowler hat guys out and ask them never to "darken our comment thread again".\nStallman is against her idea of going for straight war with the industry, and suggest she helps encourage sharing in the public mind. And then Doctorow chimes in with a suggestion that she has the ability to build a better P2P systems. To which she asks if they mean straight up piracy? And this leads up to the punch line of the pun, when Doctorow says she would make a wonderful Dread Pirate Roberts!\nPeer-to-peer (often abbreviated P2P) system is a network system where tasks are partitioned between participants with equal privileges, in contrast with the client-server model, where the client makes requests and the server provides service. A common example of a peer-to-peer system is the BitTorrent file-sharing protocol, which is often (mis)used for distribution of pirated software and media.\nThe Dread Pirate Roberts is a fictional character from the book and movie The Princess Bride. Roberts is the most feared pirate on the seas. But, "Dread Pirate Roberts" is merely a title that has been passed down as previous "Roberts" have gained enough money (from piracy) to retire comfortably. Westley, one of the main characters from The Princess Bride, becomes the Dread Pirate after being taken prisoner by the preceding Pirate Roberts. It is anyone\'s guess whether the entire 5-comic story, starting from the choice of Mrs. Roberts\' name, began as just a lead-up to this one joke. At the end of the movie, Inigo Montoya has won the vengeance he has sought all his life, and expresses to Westley that he doesn\'t know what to do next. Westley suggests Montoya succeed him as Roberts, saying, "Have you ever considered piracy? You\'d make a wonderful Dread Pirate Roberts." Cory Doctorow\'s line in the comic therefore mimics that line from the movie.\nSilk Road was an online black market designed to allow criminals to trade in drugs, guns and other illegal items, run by a person also using the pseudonym Dread Pirate Roberts. However, this black market did not exist until four years after this comic was published.\nIn the epilogue several items of interest is revealed about the Roberts later life. \nElaine shared her ideas with Bram Cohen who went on from that to found BitTorrent, a distributed method of downloading files. People can and do use BitTorrent both for lawful file downloads and also for sharing media files unlawfully. Its distributed nature, where someone does not download a file from just one other computer but rather in many pieces from many other computers with the same file, makes it more difficult for record and movie industry groups to police, and therefore a person with Elaine\'s motivations might be interested in helping design such a system.\nMrs. Roberts developed for Ubuntu which is probably the most well known distribution of GNU/Linux. A GNU/Linux distribution (often referred to simply as "Linux") is any operating system that is based on GNU software and the Linux kernel.\nShe also went after any website (defacing them) that made Your mom joke about her daughter. This is a recurring theme on xkcd.\nFinally a bit more info is given on how Elaine continues her fight, joins communities, help with codes etc. And then sometimes she streams her music live on a IP address, and if you happen to find one of these with a streaming audio player you can hear her rock out (a reference to her music career mentioned at the end of the third part).\nThe final phrase "Happy Hacking" often accompanies an autograph from Richard Stallman.\n\n