n\nCueball shows off his virtual fishtank of virus-infected virtual Windows machines to Megan. The machines nominally have mail trojans, Warhol worms, all sorts of polymorphic viruses, and explicitly Blaster and w32.welchia. Cueball relates to the viruses as though they are fish, and hopes that they are all getting along together nicely. This is because part of welchia\'s payload was to remove the Blaster Worm, effectively destroying it.\nA computer network or data network is a telecommunications network which allows computers to exchange data. In computer networks, networked computing devices exchange data with each other using a data link. The connections between nodes are established using either cable media or wireless media. The best-known computer network is the Internet.\nNetwork computer devices that originate, route and terminate the data are called network nodes.[1] Nodes can include hosts such as personal computers, phones, servers as well as networking hardware. Two such devices can be said to be networked together when one device is able to exchange information with the other device, whether or not they have a direct connection to each other.\nComputer networks differ in the transmission medium used to carry their signals, the communications protocols to organize network traffic, the network\'s size, topology and organizational intent.\nIt would be possible to set up a virtual fishtank as described.  The main issue would be to make sure that you don\'t accidentally let anything escape from the fishtank.  Consider it like a smallpox lab.  Also, some viruses are quite malicious &#91;citation needed&#93; and will prevent a computer from running normally, or at all.  An aquarium of dead computers would not be very interesting to watch.\nThe first part of the title text refers to the difficulty viruses have in the common doomsday threat of "disabling the internet" as a whole. SQL Slammer had some brief success. The second part of the title text indicates that Randall believes A) that Linux and Mac OS X are inherently less vulnerable to virus attacks than Windows, and B) that Windows will become less important and disappear, so the virus writers had better get their act together soon.\nIt is not certain how justified this opinion is.  Nine years after this comic was written, Windows still dominates the desktop, and Linux and OS X are not that much harder to attack with viruses. A side issue is the wild growth in \'smart devices\' connected to the internet, powered by non-traditional operating systems such as iOS and Android. Desktop operating systems such as Windows, Linux and OS X are all becoming less relevant (although note that Android is based on the Linux kernel and iOS is based on OS X), so both the operating system war and the struggle against computer viruses are still "anyone\'s game".\nSomething similar to this is now online (as of June 29, 2014; not sure when it first started), with some differences from the system described by this comic. Instead of executing email attachments, the 7 VM\'s run files uploaded to http://wecan.hasthe.technology/ by the public, making it more of a public playground aquarium than a private fishtank. Instead of wiping machines at random, each VM runs a virus scanner every 24 hours.\n\n