n\nNerds have a way of getting distracted easily and focusing on one thing and ignoring the rest, when they feel their specific skills are challenged by an interesting problem. Black Hat has decided to make this into a disturbing game of getting nerds, in this case a physicist, to stop in the middle of a street and get crushed by traffic by showing them an interesting problem to solve. (This may be based on a real event\xe2\x80\x94see the trivia section). \nThe problem Black Hat shows is an electronics engineering thought experiment to find the resistance between two points. In normal wiring, a one-ohm resistor would result in one ohm of resistance. Two resistors connected in a series, where electricity has to go through each, has two ohms of resistance. Two one-ohm resistors in parallel give the circuit only half an ohm since you average the resistance of the path (1 ohm of resistance over 2 paths). With an infinite grid of equal resistors, you have an infinite number of paths to take, and for each path an infinite number of both series and parallel paths to consider, so much more advanced methods are needed. The exact answer to the question is 4/\xcf\x80 \xe2\x88\x92 1/2 ohms, or about 0.773 ohms.  See Infinite Grid of Resistors.\nBlack Hat explains the concept of his new sport, Nerd Sniping, to Cueball while killing the physicist, but Cueball is appalled and will have no part in this sport, which doesn\'t make Black Hat give up on him as he suggest it would be fun if he made his own sign. Black Hat finally suggest that "physicists are two points, mathematicians three." This may indicate that he considers a mathematician to be a more difficult target for his game than a physicist would be. It is unclear whether this is meant as a dig on physicists or on mathematicians; it might be because physicists are interested in a wider range of problems, or because mathematicians require a higher-quality problem to hold their interest. Alternatively he just dislikes mathematicians more, and is thus willing to award more points for sniping one of them.\nIn the title text Randall explains that he saw this problem in a Google Labs Aptitude Test. This is a collection of puzzles published by Google as a parody of tests such as the SAT. Google is known for using logic &amp; math puzzles in their job interviews. \nRandall explained in a speech at Google five days before this comic was released, that he was nerd sniped, in a way, by that problem in this test (see problem 10 on page 2), and got quite irritated when he ultimately found that it was actually a modern physics research problem, requiring very advanced math, far more complicated than the other puzzles. Putting such a problem in an aptitude test, can be a way of testing if someone might realize when they cannot solve a problem and remember to move along to the other problems. If they fail to do this, they will never reach the easier problems that comes later, and will fail due to their ability to realize when they will come up short. This is also an important knowledge to have about yourself. Seen in this context it is not necessarily a bad idea to have such an impossible problem in an aptitude test, as it is not interesting to have someone who is easily nerd sniped working for you.\nNote that the truck should have stopped no matter what since the nerd was walking on a zebra crossing. But the driver may have seen him walking, an then estimated that he would be safe before reaching him, and then realizing too late that he stopped in the street. Alternatively the truck driver is part of Black Hat\'s sport.\nRandall has later referred back to the concept of Nerd Sniping several times in the past, such as in the title text of 730: Circuit Diagram, and in the what if? blog. In Visit Every State (7 years after this comics release) the entire comic was shown at the top and the truck again further down the post\xe2\x80\x94Randall has again been nerd sniped by a paper he read. This also happens to him in Lunar Swimming\xe2\x80\x94see the title text for the second to last picture.\n\n