n\nThe first part of the dialog is taken from a scene from the classic science-fiction movie 2001: A Space Odyssey, where the artificial intelligent (AI) computer HAL 9000, controlling the spacecraft S.S. Discovery, is trying to kill the human astronaut Dave (Dr. David Bowman) because it believes he jeopardizes the mission by planning to disconnect it. Just short before this scene HAL did kill Frank Poole and three more members of the crew, Dave is the only survivor. He is at this time outside the spacecraft in a space pod, and when he request for HAL to open the Pod Bay Doors (hence the title), HAL refuses. \nSpoiler alert: In the movie Dave blast himself back into the space ship and then disconnects HAL. It is a very sad scene, where he takes out HAL\'s memory cards (or crystals from the memory center - it\'s an old movie from 1968) one by one, so HAL becomes less and less intelligent during the process, during which he keeps trying to persuade Dave to stop as long as he still understands what is happening. HAL was right that the humans wished to "kill" him, as he had read the astronauts lips during a conversation where he could not hear them, but sees them, so he actually acted in self defense, which for any human being would be considered a reasonable act of self preservation.\nThe first two sentences are directly copied from the movie quote, and the rest of the first two panels is paraphrased from the real quote. But then in the third panel, the text deviates from the plot of the movie.\nAnd in the last sentence of the third panel in the comic, HAL mentions a replacement for Dave, which comes as a surprise for Dave, seeing that the rest of the crew is dead, and the S.S. Discovery is about to enter orbit around Jupiter. HAL assures David that the replacement is very enthusiastic about the project.\nIn the final frame it is revealed why this replacement is enthusiastic, when the replacement begins to speak, and HAL reveals that it is GLaDOS. GLaDOS is the artificial intelligence from the video game series Portal. In the games GLaDOS is also the primary antagonist, trying to kill the player, since it also has "doing science" as its primary objective, which GLaDOS refers to in his last sentence. Before that he correctly states that the humans (both Dave and  Frank) planned to "kill" HAL, see the spoiler above. GLaDOS also takes over HAL\'s last sentence to Dave, finishing the useless conversation by saying Goodbye, Dave. Although in the movie HAL says Dave, this conversation can serve no purpose anymore. Goodbye.\nThe title text alludes to the songs both AIs sang in their respective works: When eventually being switched off, HAL sang Daisy Bell , while Still Alive is the end credits song from the Portal video game, sung by the defeated GLaDOS. Also, two of GLaDOS\'s lines in the comic reference lines from Still Alive: "You broke my heart and killed me" and "Look at me still talking when there\'s science to do".\nThere is a subtle play on words with the use of \'unplugged\' which has a double meaning here, the state of HAL and GLaDOS can be described as unplugged as in no longer switched on, and the musical performance style of unplugged where acoustic instruments are preferred over electronic and there is no use of recording or sampled sounds etc. (see for example MTV Unplugged). Some songs performed in this manner are considered to be better than the original versions.\n\n