n\nThis comic is a satire on the idea of a Real Programmer. To quote Wikipedia "...the computer folklore term Real Programmer has come to describe the archetypical \'hardcore\' programmer who eschews the modern languages and tools of the day in favour of more direct and efficient solutions\xe2\x80\x94closer to the hardware." The implication is that modern programmers are coddled by today\'s tools of the trade, which eschew detailed understanding for simple workflows.\nThe first figure is writing a piece of code when another programmer ridicules him for using GNU nano. Nano is a text editor - a program often used to edit the source code of other programs; it is modern, simple, and easy-to-use. He goes on to say that "REAL" programmers use Emacs. GNU Emacs is a popular editor known for its vast profusion of features and extensions to perform all sorts of functions beyond simple text editing, and is widely regarded as one of the best examples of software. The comic continues from here as a series of programmers state progressively more obscure or outdated methods. Culminating in the final programmer who claims that "real" programmers use butterflies.\nHis description of his rather surreal programming method is ludicrously complicated and would require an absurd amount of knowledge and forethought to pull off, bordering on omniscience. In the final panel the Emacs programmer claims that there\'s an Emacs code to do that.\nEmacs and Vim are both text editors. ed is a line editor. These represent progressively more "old school" solutions to the problem of editing code. cat is a Unix program that concatenates and outputs the contents of files; and it\'s usually run from a Unix shell, which allows its output to be written or appended to a file.\nUsing a magnetised needle to flip bits on a hard drive requires nanometric precision and intuitive mastery of binary code, but in the early days of programming people did use needles sometimes to fix bugs on Punched cards.\nWhen final character suggests the utterly surreal idea of using butterflies he is referring to the Butterfly effect, a "phenomenon whereby a minor change in circumstances can cause a large change in outcome". The joke at this point relies on stretching the connection between the ideas of "difficult-to-use" and "requires detailed understanding of underlying principles", to suggest that not only do Real Programmers know everything about how computers work, but they know how to manipulate the ambient physical environment in elaborate ways to cause computers to do what they want, akin to performing trick shots that accomplish feats of programming.\nThe fact that Emacs already has a command for this simply exasperates the programmers frustration with modern programming tools.\nGNU Emacs succeeds despite being riddled with featuritis.\nEmacs commands are usually referred to by the key sequence required to activate them, such as "C-x M-c" (Control-x Meta-c, though this exact key sequence is a bit different from most Emacs commands). The macro referenced is a pun on the play/movie titled "M. Butterfly". The butterfly programmer saying "Dammit, Emacs" plays on Emacs\' notoriety for its kitchen sink design approach of tossing in all the features and options that anybody might ever conceivably want. By way of example, later versions of Emacs actually added a totally useless "M-x butterfly" command as an easter egg, in reference to this very comic: see the YouTube demo and screenr demo.\nThe title text further suggests manipulating the universal constants in order to create a universe in which the required computer data will exist. Programming of this sort would require power and knowledge akin to the Abrahamic God.\nAccording to the logic, the programmers shown may even represent the fulfillment of this master programmers plan. The universe may have been designed in such a way that the programmers ancestry would result in his parents, who would meet and have a child, who would learn programming and eventually find himself in a position where he undertakes the task of creating a program, which fills the disk with the desired data. In tandem, of course, all of the people involved with creating and developing all the required hardware, software, raw materials, computer science, electricity, logic (etc., etc., etc.) would have to be part of the master plan. Put simply, it would probably be simpler just to use Emacs. \nThe use of a magnetized needle may also be a reference to the Apollo AGC guidance computer, whose instructions were physically written as patterns of wires looped around or through cylindrical magnets in order to record binary code.\n\n