n\nThis comic is a subtle statement on the epiphany many have when they reach adulthood and are on their own for the first time: No one will tell you what to do! Nobody will, however, stop you from making those poor decisions you were refrained from prior to that independence. Eating bacon whenever one wants is among them. \nThis line graph depicts Randall\'s health as a function of time after he gets to own a stove (or oven). The joke is that his health goes into an immediate deterioration the moment he realized that he could just cook bacon on his stove whenever he wants. When he says "he could have bacon", he means he has both the will AND means, since the stove is now his own. Before the bacon revelation his health was actually improving - this may be explained because he was now cooking his own, healthy, food rather than getting pizza delivered or having other pre-made foods/junk food.\nFrosting (or icing) is something you use to decorate cakes. Many children enjoy frosting so much that they eat it off the cake and leave the rest behind. Frosting in a can, as mentioned in a title text, is convenient because it is instant and not necessary to make from scratch. When Randall came to college he still had a very sweet tooth, so when he discovered frosting in a can, his health curve at the time also went into decline. However, that turned out to be a phase - he got over it - and he hopes it will be the same with cooking bacon.\nThere is now also similarly instant, pre-made bacon that can be eaten right out of the box, eliminating the need to put in any effort to prepare it. The sudden drop in health, obviously, is due to the fact that most bacon is pork belly fat and, while high in protein, its irresistible flavor cannot compare to its high fat and cholesterol content. In addition, porkless bacon made from turkey meat is also available in some places.\nIn the title text of 1674: Adult it turned out that Cueball was not yet ready to go shopping by himself, even though he was an "adult" and ended up dying of over-consumption of AirHeads, very similar to the frosting in this comics title text.\n\n