n\nCueball and Megan are playing Mario Kart, with Cueball\'s Luigi character ahead of Megan\'s Mario towards the end of the race. Megan begins waxing philosophically on how she sometimes stops right before the Finish line (hence the title). Because she know she has already won and then she do not need the machine to tell her so. She says it proves she doesn\'t  act like a rat going through a laboratory maze in pursuit of cheese.\nThis talk makes Cueball realize that winning a video game isn\'t really important, and how by speeding through a racing level like the game asks you to do, you sometimes miss the fun of simply exploring the level and enjoying the extraordinary level of detail and work that went into it. He thus exclaims it was a good call and slows down - expecting Megan to join him exploring.\nBut it was just a ruse by Megan who speeds past him and wins, much to her glee. "It\'s more fun than a blue shell", she says, referring to the Mario Kart item that, when fired, will inevitably hit the race leader and cause him to crash. Randall has rather adamantly expressed his opinion about blue shells before in 290: Fucking Blue Shells.\nCueball\'s response suggests that he has been fooled before by Megan\'s Be a rebel speech. Something she can pull off against him again and again. This leads to the subject of the title text.\nNote: In MKWii, people sometimes troll others by stopping right at the finish line. When the person behind them gets close they just cross the line and cause 2nd place to lose.\nThe title text refers to the comic strip Peanuts, and the running gag where fussbudget Lucy would hold an american football for lovable loser Charlie Brown and he\'d come running at it full speed, only to have Lucy pull the football away at the last moment and send Charlie Brown crashing to the ground. What made it funny was that each time, Lucy would find some way to convince Charlie Brown that this time, she wouldn\'t pull the football away, and he\'d try again \xe2\x80\x94 but lo and behold, of course she did. (See example of this, in the collection of moments shown in the very last Peanuts comic).\nThe title text ask the important question if Lucy believed the things she said - even if she would eventually pull the ball away. If so it would be easier to fool Charlie. Maybe Cueball suggests that Megan believes what she says up to the point where she wins...\n\n