n\nThe "Debian-OpenSSL fiasco" was a major security problem discovered in the Debian Linux distribution and its version of the cryptographic library called OpenSSL. With just a tiny change in the software, which was intended to have no effect on security, its random number generator was completely crippled, as was the security of all cryptographic keys generated by the system. The problem was created when a Debian developer removed one line of code which was crucial, even though it could seem like it did nothing useful. More detail about the fiasco: Crippling Crypto: The Debian OpenSSL Debacle, Debian\'s information page about the problem.\nThe title text refers also to this issue: After the security problem was found, all cryptographic keys generated or used on the broken operating system needed to be replaced. Many systems introduced special checks for such weak keys, adding the keys to blacklists, thereby preventing their use and forcing users to create new keys. Randall claims he was affected by that when uploading this comic to the server.\nThe comics on the left presents Cueball as a programmer who, on a whim, removes pieces of code (commenting out the code by prepending the line with two slashes), presumably thinking they are not necessary. The first removed line, MD_update(&amp;m, buf, j); is the exact piece of code which was removed in the Debian fiasco. The next panels show him commenting out fictitious lines of code apparently preventing bad things from happening.\nThe other part of the comic lists "security problems" which were allegedly discovered in other Linux variants afterwards:\nCryptographic software in Fedora Core was allegedly not secure against toy decoder rings. \nXandros (used in Asus Eee PC netbooks) gave superuser privileges to anybody "if asked in a stern voice". This is likely a reference to fact that the preinstalled Xandros OS did not require a password for root privileges by default.\nGentoo would succumb to flattery, which may be a reference to Gentoo\'s notorious difficulty to manage. Any user who is capable of understanding it, might have a large ego, and therefore be susceptible to flattery.\nOLPC OS could have been attacked using Jeff Goldblum\'s laptop computer, which refers to a scene in the Independence Day movie, where Jeff Goldblum\'s character was able to hack into an alien spaceship using his Apple PowerBook computer - which is a topic of great contempt by geeks who point to the absurdity of such a construction.\nSlackware gave superuser privileges to anybody who "says Elvish word for \'friend\'", which refers to a scene in The Lord of the Rings, where the entrance door to Moria could have been opened using a password mellon, the Elvish word for "friend", as indicated on the door itself.\nAnd Ubuntu, which is another Linux distribution, was allegedly found to be actually Windows Vista, the latest version of Microsoft Windows at this time in 2008.\n\n