n\nIn Journal, Black Hat explains to Cueball that a hobby of his is to pretend to write in a journal while on the subway, acting embarrassed if anyone sees. He then proceeds to silently scorn the person once they give him any kind of reassurance.\nIn Journal 2, however, Danish sees through his ruse. She counteracts it by proving that she understands him, and attempts to resign him to the fact that he will never see her again, thus robbing him of the satisfaction of a proper social connection. She leaves, taking his hat in the process. \nInitially stunned, he at last regained his hat in Journal 3, the trademark of his personality and attitude, leaving him with the upper hand.\nIn Journal 4, however, he is overcome with emotions, to the extend that he has even taken his black hat off while sitting head in hand on a bench, wondering in the title text why he would feel any emotions when he has a hat.\nNow, in Journal 5, Black Hat parks his car and soon finds himself on the doorstep of Danish\'s house. He comes to tell her that he gives up and that she wins, because he just has to know who she is. This is very uncharacteristic of Black Hat. He then tries to tell her that he thinks they understand each other\'s personalities and that this means something to him. He is obviously smitten with her on some level. But all she does about this initially is use her remote control to set off the mines she installed  in the driveway where Black Hat\'s car is parked.\nBut, even in his state of love, Black Hat had spotted these mines and moved them to her garage. So when Danish sets them off she destroys her own garage (and possibly her car) instead of Black Hat\'s car. When he tells her about moving them she is impressed and acknowledges this by saying Touch\xc3\xa9. Maybe this is when she also begins to respect him in her own weird manner.\nBlack Hat can foresee that it will be a tricky relationship with their mean personalities crashing together, but when Danish gives him the option to go find a non-crazy girl he promptly states that this has no interest at all.\nIn the title text it seems that neither of them is deterred by this obstacle, and their relationship begins when Black Hat tells her that he will pick her up at eight. Although she does ask for one more hour, so she can re-mine the driveway before he comes back at nine. This did not seem to harm their future relationship as in most of the later comics with Danish she is mainly shown together with Black Hat, sometimes even in a clearly romantic setting, like in 515: No One Must Know, from where she got her name.\nThe whole "Journal" story are:\n\n374: Journal\n377: Journal 2\n405: Journal 3\n432: Journal 4\n433: Journal 5\n\n