n\nMathematics is the abstract study of topics encompassing quantity, structure, space, change, and others. Physics is a natural science that involves the study of matter and its motion through space and time, along with related concepts such as energy and force. They do this using mathematics. Chemistry is the science of matter, especially its chemical reactions, but also its composition, structure and properties. That is, they study a subset of physics, using a subset of physics. Biology is the subset of chemistry that is concerned with the study of life and living organisms, including their structure, function, growth, origin, evolution, distribution, and taxonomy. Psychology is the study of mental functions and behaviors, why living things do what they do individually, which makes it a subset of Biology. Sociology is the study of society, or, the study of groups of people and their interactions, which sounds an awful lot like taking the skills of psychology and applying them to a large group of people.\nThis comic takes this logic to the extreme by ranking these six scientific fields, represented by a person on a chart of purity, saying that a field is \'more pure\', which is interpreted as mattering more, than the fields derived from it. This is a topic often used in jokes between scientists of various fields as to who is more important. The physicist, Cueball, of which everyone else\'s work is based upon, feels that he is at the top... but is ultimately upstaged by the mathematician, Blondie, whose field is so pure that ultimately everything else could be seen as derived from it. After all, physics could not exist without math, thus ultimately everything can be expressed as a mathematical equation. Thus, the mathematician snobbishly says that she didn\'t even see any of the other fields standing so far over to the left on the graph. Alternatively she is not snobby - she is just so far detached from the real world - that she doesn\'t even understand that there could be a comparison between her field and other fields. That is if she even knows about these other fields (what are you doing over there...)\nThe title text points out that math all by itself is not connected to the real world and is only done for your own pleasure. Physics involves interactions with other objects and can create a result, but only by applying mathematics to the real world. This leads to a comparison between sex (physics) and masturbation (mathematics), implying that physics is applying mathematics, just like people having sex likely rely on experiences they have had while masturbating, i.e. sex as applied masturbation. (See also the title text of 1158: Rubber Sheet.) This also gives a new meaning to the physicist comment that it is nice to be on top! \nIn the main comic Randall clearly ranked mathematicians higher than physicist, but in the title text he turns this around, and notices that the physicist would then notices that mathematics is very pure, but believes that it is not very interesting without something real to apply it to.\nBlondie appearing as the mathematician could mean she is supposed to represent Miss Lenhart, but since Lenhart is defined as a teacher, which she can not clearly be said to be here, it is uncertain.\n\n