n\nBlack Hat is driving a car, and Danish is with him in the passenger\'s seat. Black Hat gets annoyed because the car behind him is "tailgating" (in this context, the term means that the other car is following too close to the back bumper of Black Hat\'s car).\nDanish decides to fight back, so she turns on her laptop and finds that the car behind them also has a laptop running. Since the cars are so close, the other laptop is well within WiFi range, so she manages to establish a WiFi connection with the laptop in the other car. Then, Danish finds a security hole (in the comic, a "remote exploit"). She uses it to break into the laptop and install a speech synthesizer.\nThis means that the laptop in the car behind just starts saying words at Danish\'s will.\nThe driver of the other car is puzzled when he starts hearing a voice. He\'s completely clueless about where the voice comes from. Also, he\'s driving alone so he\'s probably frightened (or nervous at least) to find that someone is speaking inside his car. The fact that the voice says "she\'d be alive if it weren\'t for you" surely won\'t help him relax. The "shot in the dark" is the gamble that this statement is especially meaningful and poignant to the driver. As the driver is prone to tailgating, it seems likely that he could have caused a car accident in the past.\nIn the title text, Danish is continuing her revenge, asking Black Hat to slam on the brakes. As it is now to be expected that the driver is nervous, puzzled and surprised on top of being distracted, looking for the voice\'s source, while already driving unsafely close, it is clear that Danish hopes he won\'t have enough stopping distance to avoid a collision, slamming into Black Hat\'s car. Since the blame for such types of accident is always given to the driver of the car behind, and since we know Black Hat is a sadistic bastard, Black Hat will no doubt enjoy adding both the blame and the traffic accident on top of what Danish has already accomplished. This may seem ironic as Black Hat was annoyed to begin with, but he would no doubt rather make an example than avoid the accident. This may be a continuation of Journal Five, with Black Hat taking Danish to the "date" that was mentioned.\n\n