n\nThis comic is a parody of the Discovery Channel commercial showing various clips of people singing a song with the chorus line \'Boom De Yada\'. The comic is divided into a grid of 4 by 6 panels, most depicting a character or situation from a previous xkcd strip. In each panel is written a part of a song similar to the song from the Discovery Channel commercial.\nThe campaign from the Discovery Channel was not called "Boom De Yada", but "I Love the World". The title "xkcd Loves the Discovery Channel" is in reference to this.\nMost of the panels are references to previous xkcd strips, but a few are not.\n\nPanel 1 I love momentum. \nA reference to comic 162: Angular Momentum, where Megan spins in a circle to "rob the planet of angular momentum."\nPanel 2 I love to engineer. \nA reference to comic 413: New Pet, where Megan and Cueball turn an EEE PC into a household pet.\nPanel 3 I love this bakery!  \nA reference to comic 434: xkcd Goes to the Airport, where Beret Guy shows his liking for bakeries in first panel. His love of bakeries is a recurring gag in the comic.\nPanel 4 I love the blogosphere! \nA reference to comic 239: Blagofaire, where someone from the far future believes many people blogged from high-altitude balloons whilst wearing red capes and goggles. The flying character may be Cory Doctorow, who is mentioned in the comic as the only blogger to actually do this, and who also appeared in comic 345: 1337: Part 5 in this guise.\nPanel 5 I love the whole world. (Cueball running in large hamster ball.) \nLikely a reference to comic 152: Hamster Ball, though there are multiple comics featuring human-sized hamster balls.\nPanel 6 And all its messed-up folks. \nA reference to the /b/ ("Random") forum on 4chan, which is in fact home to plenty of "messed-up folks". This on-line behavior is something Randall comments on in several comics both before and after this. For instance in 202: YouTube.\nPanel 7 Boom de yada, Boom de yada (Cueball and Megan immersed in playpen balls.) \nA reference to comic 150: Grownups, where Megan decides that she has the ability to, and wants to, turn her house into a giant ball pit.\nPanel 8 Boom de yada, Boom de yada (I put on my robe and wizard hat) \nA reference to this roleplay chat transcript (NSFW), which became an Internet meme. A user named bloodninja would roleplay as a wizard during cybersex (saying "I put on my robe and wizard hat" to signal this) and invariably infuriate his unwitting partners with demeaning actions. Other incidents involved him roleplaying as a rhinoceros. In the above mentioned comic 150: Grownups the two characters also disappear, but in that case a big pink heart comes out of the playpen balls.  \nPanel 9 I love your suffering. \nThe recurring character Black Hat is being his usual self and causing suffering for his own amusement, as in comic 72: Classhole. In this panel he is seen either taking a present away from a child, who is upset, or giving the child a package containing a bobcat, like the package in comic 325: A-Minus-Minus. This last possibility would explain the lines indicating the box to be moving in Black Hat\'s hands.\nPanel 10 I love cryptography. \nCryptography is a subject that comes up often in the comic, notably, in comics 153: Cryptography and 177: Alice and Bob before this one (for a full list see Category:Cryptography). The panel shows a flowchart of the kind commonly used to show how a particular cryptosystem works and/or how it can be broken.\nPanel 11 I love entangled sheets. \nSexual reference. Sex and red sheets are also brought up in comic 230: Hamiltonian. \nPanel 12 And kite photography.\nA reference to Randall\'s own hobby of kite photography as well as comic 235: Kite.\nPanel 13 I love the whole world (Map of the internet.)\nA reference to comic 256: Online Communities, featuring online communities of the time visualised as a world map, with geographic area representing their approximate membership size. There is, more directly, a pun on "internet", namely "outernet". \nPanel 14 And all its mysteries.\nA reference to a series of comics on "red spiders:" 8: Red Spiders, 43: Red Spiders 2, 47: Counter-Red Spiders, 126: Red Spiders Cometh, and 427: Bad Timing. \nPanel 15 Boom de yada, Boom de yada (Two people sword-fighting on rolling office chairs.)\nA reference to comic 303: Compiling, where two coders battle with fake swords at work, with the excuse that their code is compiling.\nPanel 16 Boom de yada, Boom de yada (Classroom with two students and a teacher.)\nNothing too special, but it does embrace the "everybody joins in" theme behind the commercials. The teacher is Miss Lenhart who was first properly introduced in comic 263: Certainty but may have made an appearance in comic 59: Graduation.\nPanel 17 I love elections (Barack me Obamadeus!)\nA pun on the song Rock Me Amadeus and US president Barack Obama. At this point Randall had not done any comics directly on elections but he made this after the one in 2008: 500: Election and has shown his love for this subject also around the 2012 election.\nPanel 18 I love transistors. \nThis panel has Cueball\'s crotch replaced with the (similar-looking) icon used for a transistor in a circuit diagram. Randall later showed how much he loves anything that can go in to such a diagram in 730: Circuit Diagram.\nPanel 19 I love weird pillow talk. (There must be Taft slash fiction.)\n"Pillow talk" means intimate conversations between lovers, "slash fiction" is fanfiction with characters of the same sex, and "Taft" is William Howard Taft, a US President mostly remembered for his severe obesity. It appears they are invoking rule 34 of the Internet as a reference to 305: Rule 34. Weird pillow talk is also the subject of comic 69: Pillow Talk, while the Taft reference comes from comic 214: The Problem with Wikipedia.\nPanel 20 I love your sister.\nA reference to xkcd\'s recurring joke of dating the female character\'s sister, which spans several comics including 49: Want, 279: Pickup Lines, 317: That Lovin\' Feelin\', and 408: Overqualified.\nPanel 21 I love the whole world (Roller coaster with Cueball holding chess board)\nA reference to comic 249: Chess Photo which inspired an internet meme.\nPanel 22 The future\'s pretty cool! (Beret Guy in a forest.)\nThe picture of the forest is similar to that in 269: TCMP, though it may also be a reference to comic 167: Nihilism, where Cueball and Beret Guy make observations about the future while climbing a tree. Later, in comic 1322: Winter, the two are seen walking through a forest very similar to the one shown here.\nPanel 23 Boom de yada, Boom de yada (Megan doing the MC Hammer slide towards Cueball.)\nA reference to comic 108: M.C. Hammer Slide, where Hairy falls in love with "a girl whose only mode of transportation is the M.C. Hammer Slide." \nPanel 24 Boom de yada, Boom de yada (Cueball and Megan on an electric skateboard.)\nA reference to comic 409: Electric Skateboard (Double Comic), where Megan and Cueball go on an electric skateboard ride, but he already introduced these back in 139: I Have Owned Two Electric Skateboards.\n\nThe title text continues the song, self-referentially. Self-reference is a reoccurring theme in Douglas Hofstadter\'s books, notably G\xc3\xb6del, Escher, Bach which Randall reefers to directly in 24: Godel, Escher, Kurt Halsey. Later Hofstadter has been referenced in other comics, such as in the title text of 555: Two Mirrors and 608: Form plus of course in 917: Hofstadter. Self-reference as a form of humor was also explored before, but most famously in the later 688: Self-Description.\n\n