n\nThis comic refers to the first start-up (turn-on) of CERN\'s Large Hadron Collider (LHC). There was a theoretical concern that that the LHC experiments could create a black hole which would suck in our planet.\nCueball uses this concern when telling Megan this could be their last night on Earth, but since the scene is in a bar this is just another lame entry he uses because he just wants to stay the next night together with her.\nMegan answers as a physicist and explains that first of all they will not start colliding particles just because they actually turn-on the collider. That will take a while during which everything needs to be checked. Secondly scientists have determined that the fears are unfounded&#160;\xe2\x80\x94 amongst other because cosmic rays have already been bombarding the earth with particles even more energetic than those created by the LHC. Thus if the LHC could create a black hole that would suck up the earth, then that would have happened long ago due to the cosmic rays! (At present time the collider has been colliding particles for years, and we are still here!)\nCueball feels rejected by her answer and turns away to leave her, but she calls him back explaining very directly that she did not say "no" to his request (to try to stay a night with her). Also as she is a physics grad student she needs an excuse to party&#160;\xe2\x80\x94 the excuse being that the LHC is turned-on.\nCueball feels encouraged and continues his attempt to get her in to bed. But in his next sentence he involuntarily uses three of the six Quark flavors (Up quark, Charm quark, and Strange quark). Megan continues to be very direct when asking if she has to be on top or bottom (when they are going to have sex). But this is also a sentence she chooses so she can continue using quark flavors (Top quark and Bottom quark). Cueball is flustered and complains that she is assuming too much since he hasn\'t even bought her a drink. Megan then makes it even worse when she does the order of two Whiskey sours just straight down - to use the final flavor (Down quark). \nThe title text is also a reference to clich\xc3\xa9d exchanges.\nMaybe she just teases Cueball (with her knowledge about the LHC and quarks), or else she is actually so turned-on by the LHC Turn-On that she wishes to have sex with Cueball as soon as possible.\nThe quarks are some fundamental particles the LHC is generating. All six flavors of quarks are in the last panel: Up, Down, Top, Bottom, Charm and Strange. They are also referenced in 1418: Horse, 1621: Fixion and in 1731: Wrong, the latter also mentioning the up and down flavor.\nYet another joke is hidden in the identity of the barkeeper. Given Beret Guy\'s strange behavior, "two whiskey sours, straight down" could be interpreted in a range of ways [which ways?]. This, however, is left to the reader\'s overactive imagination.\nThe title text is of course a very old joke "I \'ardly know \'er!". In this case Supercollider (another name for the LHC) should be misunderstood as "(Did you) Supercollide her?", which you could put into a (nasty?) sexual context. Using this sentence at the wrong moment could be bad for a nice romance. This could be a reference to the Futurama episode That\'s Lobstertainment!, in which Humorbot 5.0 tells a similar supercollider joke.\n\n