n\nThis comic is a sequel of sorts to 445: I Am Not Good with Boomerangs, as it deals with the same subject manner with the same panel layout.\nThe first strip shows Cueball throwing a boomerang, which doesn\'t come back. In 939: Arrow, a boomerang returns to Cueball, which can either be the same Cueball from this comic or another person. \nIn the second strip he throws another boomerang, which somehow manage to hurt the ozone layer (as indicated by an off-screen voice). This is of course not possible with a boomerang,&#91;citation needed&#93; as it is a layer of ozone molecules very high up in the atmosphere.\nThe third strip shows Cueball throwing something that appears to be a boomerang, but then Megan enters and reveals that it was their last banana - which she probably had expected to eat since she calls him an asshole.\nThe final strip shows Cueball throwing one last boomerang, which breaks the frame of the comic, already after two out of the four frames used in each of the first three strips. Then panning down we find the last panel, much larger and suddenly mainly black instead of white. It shows that this time he was actually inside a spacecraft (which resembles an Apollo Lunar Module in a very bad manner), and the boomerang has just broken out through the hull. We see the boomerang and Cueball tumbling out into space with the escaping air. To certain death...\nThe title text notes that, assuming a theory, that is no longer generally accepted, where the universe has a positive (closed) curvature and lots of mass, the boomerang would, after a (very) long time hit Cueball in the back of his head. This would happen because under those conditions the entire universe would eventually fall back on itself in the Big Crunch. Before this happens, everything would again get pressed close together, and it is during this process that the boomerang would finally returns to his frozen (but quite possibly preserved) head. (So at least one "success" in four attempts.)\nBoomerangs also became a main theme in the interactive comic 1350: Lorenz. The same format of multiple bad endings to the same starting set-up is used in 1515: Basketball Earth.\n\n