n\nCueball is talking apparently to Megan. He confesses that he has a crush on her. Usually the next step, when someone likes someone else, is to ask the other person out. But Cueball takes a different route and in the comic he explains his thought process. Presumably he actually explains this to Megan. \nHe explains that he is afraid of rejection, and so instead of asking her out directly, promises to be her "best friend" and someone who is always "there for you", in the hopes that this will eventually lead to Megan developing an attraction for him. This way, Cueball does not have to risk Megan saying \'No\' to him, as she will be led to make the first move instead. Cueball is aware that this may not be an ideal situation for Megan, conceding that she may end up changing her definition of happiness to make her feel more comfortable in the relationship, while she is conscious of the fact that she doesn\'t really love Cueball. Cueball recognises that if Megan fell for him this way, she would probably have this fact at the back of her mind forever.\nAnd so, after painting this elaborate - but troubling - future, Cueball asks sound good? Megan, however, is not won over by Cueball\'s plan, and tells him that she is going to date "this jerk" instead (she could have said any name here - to Cueball it will always sound like jerk!) This suggests that she would much rather date someone else rather than date Cueball whom she - as he correctly implies - does not love. \nCueball declares that the other suitor doesn\'t respect you, an absurdly hypocritical comment given his manipulative plan. He explained earlier that he would tear down the jerks you date, this last line could also be him actually executing on the plan he just detailed.\nThe title text is a play on the concept of friends with benefits, wherein two friends have casual sex without entering a committed relationship. Friends with detriments suggests that having Cueball as her "friend" damages Megan\'s chances of getting a relationship (and sex) with anyone else, since Cueball will tear any candidate down. Also, despite Cueball claiming to be Megan\'s friend (and appearing to value this friendship), his plans are rather selfish and manipulative, making him a "friend" who is in fact detrimental.\n\n