n\nFlowcharts are diagrams that represent processes in a graphical form. While predominantly used in computer programming to visualize the structure of source code, flowcharts can in theory be used to depict any real or virtual procedure. In this comic, this idea is subverted by employing a flowchart to explain how flowcharts work. Flowcharts are a recurring theme on xkcd, and a list of flowchart comics can be found here.\nThis seems like a faulty basis for explaining anything, but the basic functionality of flowcharts is quite intuitive, and the attempted self-description is almost unnecessary. In fact, the comic does not actually explain how to use the flowchart: it just uses an example of a very simple flowchart to demonstrate to the reader that they can easily work out how to follow it.  If the reader attempts to "game" the system by either giving contradictory answers, or refusing to acknowledge that they can see the "Yes" and "No" labels, the flowchart gets confused or becomes abusive.  Just like a real computer.\nIf you confirm or demonstrate that you can follow the flowchart, it inevitably leads to the "Let\'s go drink" box, which gives rise to the assumption that the whole chart was only a pretence for drinking.\nFreeBSD is a unixoid operating system for computers which is generally considered to require advanced skills. The question whether Linux or (Free)BSD is the preferable operating system is a question of almost religious belief to some. The comic takes a shot against FreeBSD by implying that one would only decide to install it when under the influence of alcohol. This may also be a reference to 349: Success.\nThe title text mentions Microsoft Bob, a software package published in 1995 by Microsoft. The product was targeted towards beginners, and Microsoft decided to use a cartoon-style interface instead of a more \'professional\' environment. It was a commercial failure, and still serves as an inside joke among IT professionals.\nRandall has made use of flowcharts before and later he released another comic name 1195: Flowchart.\n\n