n\nThis comic is the xkcd Christmas Special from the year 2008. The prologue states that due to the 2008 financial crisis, only very few images of the strip could be produced, leaving the others to be blacked out. It is therefore left to the reader to reconstruct the whole story based on the given images. While it is claimed that the reconstruction should be rather easy, the complicated and abstruse plot-line makes it nearly impossible to fill the gaps. Any attempt at inferring the missing images would therefore be largely guesswork. The comic features the well-known xkcd characters getting involved in a strange fight with cyborgs and raptors on Christmas Eve.\nThe line "We apologize for the inconvenience." is possibly a reference to the famous book series The Hitchhikers Guide To The Galaxy by Douglas Adams. It appears there as God\'s Final Message to His Creation, written in letters of fire on the side of the Quentulus Quazgar Mountains.\nPanel 2: Megan strives to outdo some Christmas lights she has seen on YouTube.\nPanel 3: Dissatisfied with her work, Megan is thinking about alternative ways improve her light arrangement. The idea of firing Sodium pellets into snow is probably a bad one, as Sodium reacts exothermically with water and may, in large amounts, induce explosions.\nPanel 5: Probably still obsessed with the idea of creating a large and impressive light display, Megan has constructed an electronic device with an Arduino processor, perhaps to make the light chain show patterns. However, the amount of energy she used was apparently too high, causing one of the control boards to vaporize. She then wishes she could make the system self-repairing.\nPanel 7: Megan\'s device has developed artificial intelligence, allowing it to feel. This is presumably a result of Megan attempting to make the device self-repairing. This common trope in science-fiction works usually leads to the system\'s attempting to eradicate its creator. Cueball attributes the emergence of a personality to awesome ease and power of programming in Python.\nPanel 11: Out of context, this panel introduces the idea of Santa Claus being a Muslim. This may be a reference to the persistent Internet rumors that Barack Obama is a Muslim, though he declares himself to be a Christian. However, the statement could also relate to the fact the Santa Claus is usually displayed with a large beard, which is sometimes also sported by conservative Muslims.  Or it could just be non-sensical.\nPanel 13: At this point the self-aware Christmas light control systems has apparently released cyborgs that tried to kill Megan and Cueball. In order to repel the cyborgs, they have cloned Velociraptors. Cueball expresses doubt whether that was really a good idea. Velociraptors appear frequently in xkcd, cf. comics 87, 135 and 292.\nPanel 17: As predicted, the raptors have gone wild, but Megan, Cueball and the two smaller characters (perhaps their children) managed to cage the dinosaurs. They believe themselves safe unless the raptors learn how to build lightsabers. This is a reference to a line in Jurrasic Park where the main characters believe themselves safe, unless the raptors can learn how to open doors.\nPanel 19: The raptors have indeed succeeded with constructing lightsabers and must now be fought. The "Clever girl" is a reference to a line from Jurassic Park where the raptors outflank (and kill) one of the human characters wearing a similar hat.\nPanel 23: IT billionaire Bill Gates has mistakenly killed Santa Claus, possibly in a sword fight. He claims to have mistaken him for Richard Stallman, a prominent free software activist. (Gates strongly opposes the idea of free software and is therefore considered an antagonist by many of its supporters.) The most striking resemblance between Stallman and Santa Claus is probably the long and untamed beard. Comic 225 is one of the most famous xkcd comics and features Stallman involved in a sword fight.\nPanel 29: Megan asks Black Hat where he obtained the enormously large christmas tree that can be seen on the right side of the picture. It is implied that he logged Yggdrasil, a giant ash tree in Norse mythology. According to tradition, Yggdrasil is the world tree representing the whole of creation and holding together the cosmological structure.\nPanel 31: Randall wishes Merry Christmas to all xkcd readers.\nThe title text refers to panel 7. In Python, modules are imported using the "import module" syntax. Skynet is a self-aware artificial intelligence system featured in the Terminator film series as the main antagonist. Importing the skynet module might therefore account for Megan\'s system\'s developing an evil personality.\nNote that this comic was first published in another version that had panel 29 as panel 27 and the "Merry Christmas from xkcd" message at the bottom. As 27 is not a prime number, the current version was published in lieu of the erroneous one.\nIt has been observed that the top left nine panels form a Glider in Conway\'s Game of Life. The glider is sometimes used as an emblem representing hacker subculture, although rotated by 90 degrees. It remains however unclear whether the occurrence in the comic is intentional or owed to the prime number pattern.\n\n