n\nGoogle keeps track of which searches are most popular in which regions as part of more general data mining to improve their service. For the enjoyment/education of others, they release select, non-personal parts of this data under the banner "Google Trends."\nThe first statistic - that "Men kissing" was popular in Utah, a state normally opposed to homosexuality - is real. The others are made up for the sake of the joke. In order:\n\n"Installing Ubuntu" - Redmond, WA: Ubuntu is a Linux distribution; Redmond, WA is home to Microsoft, the company that makes rival operating system Windows.\n"Running for President in 2010" - Wasilla, AK: 2010 was not a presidential election year in the United States; Wasilla, AK is home to Sarah Palin, a politician known for making such gaffes.\n"Lincoln Fan Fiction" - Chicago, IL: Abraham Lincoln was the US president from 1861 to his assassination in 1865; Chicago, IL is home to Barack Obama, who apparently reads (presumably erotic) fanfiction about the former president.\n"Raptors on Hoverboards" - Somerville, MA: Velociraptors is a favorite xkcd topic; There are also frequently references to Back to the Future as with the hoverboards here. Somerville, MA is home to Randall Munroe. The speed of a Raptor on Hoverboard is given in 526: Converting to Metric.\n"How is babby formed" - Wasilla, AK: "How is babby formed?" was the title (and most of the content) of an infamous Yahoo! Answers question (see the title text of 481: Listen to Yourself and 550: Density). Wasilla, AK is, again, home to Sarah Palin; a few months prior to this comic\'s release, Sarah Palin revealed that her daughter, Bristol Palin, was pregnant.\n"I hate this website" - Mountain View, CA: Mountain View, CA is home to Google headquarters. The implication is that Google employees are putting "I hate this website" into Google.\n\nWith regards to the excerpt Randall provides in the title text:\n\nSlash fiction is a genre of fan fiction that focuses on homosexual behavior.\nLincoln/Obama (pronounced Lincoln slash Obama) fan fiction normally should be between Abraham Lincoln and Barack Obama.\nHowever we later see that Lincoln is a car.\nThe "more perfect union" line comes from the preamble to the US Constitution: "We the People of the United States, in Order to form a more perfect Union..."\nEthanol is the more scientific name for drinking alcohol, or simply alcohol. \n"10% ethanol" refers to automotive gasoline that includes 10% ethanol (usually made from corn or other vegetables), with the hopes of reducing the dependence on oil for fuel.\nWith regards to the title-text, the verb "come" means "to have an orgasm" or "to ejaculate". In this mock slash fiction the Lincoln is supposed to ejaculate gasoline, and expects Obama to do the same.\n\n