n\nThe Devil Mephistopheles (named so in the official transcript) is greeting the new souls sentenced to Hell, and recognizes an executive from Fujitsu Ltd in the form of Hairbun. Mephistopheles accuses her of causing his favorite laptop, the Fujitsu Q2010, to be taken out of production. Mephistopheles is displeased because he thought it was a good laptop, just poorly marketed by Hairbun. Hairbun is confused and asks Mephistopheles why he is upset, as acts of evil are generally encouraged by the demons of Hell. Mephistopheles agrees but explains that Hell also needs good laptops, and in her case their need for laptops was greater than the need for her evil works. Though, Mephistopheles then goes on to confesses, that it would not really have mattered as Hell has an exclusive deal with Fujitsu competitor, Sony, and he could not have bought the Fujitsu Q2010 anyway. \nThis would explain why the sale of the laptop failed, and Hairbun also exclaims I knew it to indicate that she had suspected it was weird that Sony did so well. When you strike a deal with a devil from Hell your affairs in life goes great, but of course you have then sold your soul to eternal damnation in Hell when you eventually die. Seems like Sony has done so according to this comic.\nThis comic is likely a wish fulfillment fantasy by Randall for the canceling of his favorite laptop, the Fujitsu Q2010. Exclusivity deals are typically thought ill of as they are bad for competition. Also since exclusivity deals solely benefit the provider, there are often reciprocal arrangement for the purchaser. This implies that the devil has influence at Sony. Likely Sony was chosen as the electronic distributor to hell because of the Sony rootkit scandal. This scandal inspired many to call Sony an evil company.\nIt is the second time in a short while that a demon was depicted in a similar fashion although without the trident and not in Hell. This devil was also named Mephistopheles in the caption of that comic 501: Faust 2.0.\nThe title text explains that Randall\'s systems administrator is upset with him because he tested the systems administrators laptop by throwing it down several flights of steps. The systems admin is implied to have taken revenge childishly, by replacing part of the text with "DISREGARD THAT I SUCK COCKS"\nThe "suck cocks" part is a reference to a post in bash.org which went on to attain moderate fame.\n\n