n\nThis is an alternate take on the 1973 fantasy romance novel The Princess Bride written by William Goldman which became a film in 1987. \nIn the movie the main character, Buttercup, believes she has lost her first love to the Dread Pirate Roberts years ago. In the present she is considered one of the most beautiful women of the land and so is being married off to a prince. To provoke a war she has been kidnapped by mercenaries, one of whom is a very honorable Spanish swordsman named Inigo Montoya. A man claiming to be the Dread Pirate Roberts rescues her. On verifying his identity as Roberts, she attacks him by pushing him down a hill. While tumbling down the hill he shouts back "as you wish" identifying him as her first love. She tumbles after, landing on top of him as in the start of this comic.\nThere are, however, several "dick moves" Westley must have made in order for the film\'s narrative to make sense.\n\n He took over as the Dread Pirate Roberts becoming a pirate and therefore not respectable, killing people, sacking ports, and looting ships for a living. \n Over the last five years, Westley has allowed Buttercup to believe that he\'d been murdered, preventing her getting on with the rest of her life.\n\nWestley breaks the fourth wall and claims he did all of these things for the sake of the narrative. In other words, he did it to make the story better. \nIn the comic Buttercup realizes that Westley has behaved like a dick and chooses to give her love to Inigo Montoya. But in the movie, he and Buttercup end up together in spite of this behavior!\nThe title text shows what looks like a message she and Inigo has written together, for instance in a heart on a tree. Inigo is the Spaniard referred to by Buttercup. Their names, then forever (4eva) and a heart (smiley heart = "&lt;3"), Implying they did end up together according to this version of the story.  Alternatively, it could simply be the narrator expressing his wish that this will come to pass.\nIt is not the first time Randall has referenced this movie, as the Dread Pirate was referenced in 345: 1337: Part 5, and a quote from this movie is in the title text of 1427: iOS Keyboard. So it seems like a film that has some meaning for Randall.\nIf you haven\'t seen the movie or read the book, you may find it helpful to read the synopsis of the book here.\n\n