n\nIn some companies, programmers can find themselves under-employed. This may be because these companies have little programming work until something breaks or needs upgrading, or perhaps they are between projects, or simply waiting for a go-ahead.  Coders still need to make themselves available to perform emergency fixes, but they may have no other assigned work. This requires them to find constructive ways to spend their time.  Or unconstructive, if that is more fun.\nDvorak is a keyboard layout that was proposed in 1936 as an alternative to the existing, entrenched QWERTY layout, developed in the 1870s. The QWERTY keyboard is the standard in the US, but some features in its layout are  based on mechanical considerations rather than the optimum placement for typing speed. For example, common letter combinations such as \'st\' and \'th\' had to be arranged so that their operating levers were separated from each other, lest they cause jams and slow down the typist. More than sixty years later, such mechanical considerations could be overcome, and Dvorak designed his keyboard layout with typing efficiency in mind.\nThe Dvorak keyboard was ultimately unsuccessful. It still persists today, but has never threatened the dominance of the QWERTY keyboard.  Even if the Dvorak layout is  more efficient (which is still a matter for debate, see the uncomfortable truth in 561: Well), QWERTY was and is the standard. This means that every keyboard user has to learn QWERTY anyway, and there is insufficient benefit in spending the time to learn a new layout, especially when you would have to switch back and forth between Dvorak and QWERTY as the situation demands.\nTherefore, even seriously considering the switch is a sign that you really have nothing better to do.  Another joke is that even though the coder has plenty of spare time on his hands to practice on Dvorak, he has only been able to \'almost\' match his old typing speed.\nDvorak has been referenced a few times later also after the Well comic (see above). For instance in 977: Map Projections, it was stated that those who preferred the Dymaxion projection would write in Dvorak. And another comic, (also about efficiency), 1445: Efficiency mentions, in the title text, how Randall used lots of time testing to see if DVORAK is faster.\nGopher is a defunct internet protocol, which has been completely superseded by HTTP. It\'s a perfect example of the kind of thing a programmer might implement in the absence of other, more useful work. (As an aside, the protocol is named for the mascot of the University of Minnesota, where it was developed.)\nHTML and XHTML are markup languages used to describe web documents. XHTML-strict is a more restricted version of XHTML that excludes certain redundant tags like &lt;center&gt;, which is theoretically no longer necessary now that &lt;div&gt; and &lt;span&gt; exist. Haiku, on the other hand, is a kind of Japanese poetry. Rather than having a rhyming meter like Western poetry, Japanese poetry has strict restrictions on syllable count; a haiku must contain three lines, containing 5, 7, and 5 syllables, respectively. The section of code given is HTML markup, and would be read by a web developer like this:\n\nDiv class equals Main\nSpan ID equals Marquee\nBlog! end span end div (or alternatively slash span slash div)\n\nWhich can be divided in syllables like this:\n\nDiv - class - e - quals - Main\nSpan - I - D - e - quals - Mar - quee\nBlog! - end - span - end - div\n\nThis meets the syllable requirements. Restricting yourself to writing markup in this form would be extremely challenging and time-consuming and pointless, so it, too, is a good sign that coders need more real work to do. The title text notes that if you are one of those assholes that are actually pronouncing the angle-brackets, then it would be even harder to write HTML in Haiku format. "Left angle bracket" and "right angle bracket" take up five syllables each on their own. (The asshole part is Randall\'s opinion about those who do pronounce &lt;&gt;). Haiku was mentioned later in 622: Haiku Proof.\nFinally, the last panel mentions the biggest timesink of them all: webcomics! (Or, even worse, wikis devoted to explaining the jokes in webcomics.)\n\n