n\nMegan and Cueball are looking at modern "windmills" (known as wind turbines) harnessing wind energy into electrical energy. They comment that there\'s something creepy about the windmills. They allude to the book The War of the Worlds by H. G. Wells (The Jeff Wayne Musical version of The War of the Worlds has paintings of the martian tripods somewhat like these turbines) and also to "The Tripods" from John Christopher\'s tripods trilogy a children\'s series of books about aliens who ride in walking tripods.\nSuddenly the windmills\' pylons split into three legs, becoming the tripods suggested.\nThey exclaim that Al Gore has doomed us all. He is a former Vice President of the United States, known for his environmental activism and promotion of green energy sources, relevant because wind turbines like the ones here are one of the alternative energy sources he supports.\nIn the final frame, the 17th century literary figure Don Quixote arrives (Randall\'s depiction seems to be inspired by the drawing by Pablo Picasso). In the original story, Don Quixote is a wandering knight of questionable sanity who fights windmills, which he believes to be giants. Hence, he is the appropriate person to deal with this threat.\nThe title is a joke on the phrase "Alternative Energy Revolution," which normally refers to replacing of harmful power sources with eco-friendly options. However, in this case, the Alternative Energy sources are  literally rising up in a revolution against humanity.\nThe title text is another reference to The War of the Worlds: "But there are no bacteria in Mars... when I watched them they were irrevocably doomed... By the toll of a billion deaths man has bought his birthright of the earth, and it is his against all comers." \nOf course this time we are only saved because we - in spite of having evolved - still produce somewhat insane members of our species.\nWind turbines also appear in later comics. In 1119: Undoing Randall still seems to dislike them. And in 1378: Turbine the Turbine is also alive and talks with Megan.\n\n