n\nWhen amounts of U.S. dollars (or other currencies of comparable size) in the millions, billions, or trillions are mentioned in conversation, the impression left by the cited number is not some specific amount, but rather some generically large amount of money. A billion is a thousand times larger than a million, but if one is not paying close attention, they both mentally register as being "very large" or "life-changing if they ended up in my bank account", rather than being as different as "one dollar" and "a thousand dollars" are.\nIn this comic, Randall notes how news organizations take advantage of this fact to make certain figures sound comparable, when the are actually not. The "Bailout" referred to is the 2008 Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP), wherein money was cheaply loaned to large banks by the government to help them remain solvent. The "Bonuses" are the subsequent bonuses paid by those banks to their employees.\nCiting the size of the bailout in billions and the size of the bonuses in millions gives the misleading impression that the bulk of the bailout was spent on bonuses - in particular to the very traders who caused the problem that cause the need for TARP in the first place - making for much more outrageous and therefore attention-grabbing story. While the news organizations are not lying per se, citing the figures more honestly makes it clear that the bonus payments were a tiny fraction of the bailout which is not as obviously outrageous.  The news organizations, as news organizations are wont to do, were choosing the presentation that was most attention-grabbing over the presentation that conveys the information most accurately.\nBelow the two comic panels Randall asks the news organizations to stop using this way to misleadingly represent large numbers. He then proceeds to compares the difference between a million and a billion using an analogue that a banker may understand. A million would be like Randall taking a sip of wine and spending 30 seconds (presumably talking over the wine) with your daughter, compared to a billion that would be like him drinking a bottle of Gin and spending a night with her (having sex with her!) \nThe title text is a reference to a semi-famous case where Verizon Wireless quoted a rate of 0.002 cents per kb on their data plan, but charged $0.002. And they could not see the difference...\n\n