n\nSong tags are a form of file metadata used to categorize music. Tags will typically describe the content and genre of the song, and many music organization programs and services will allow users to find all songs that contain a particular tag; so when a user searches for "Country breakup music," they will receive a list of country songs about breaking up.\nIn this comic, Cueball tests Megan\'s claim that she can make a song name for any set of tags by coming up with a collection of mostly unrelated words: "lesbian voyeurism one-hit wonder mash-up." A lesbian is a woman who is only sexually interested in other women. Voyeurism is the act of watching someone else do something sexual, generally without their knowledge. A one-hit wonder is a band that had "one big hit" before fading from the public eye forever. A mash-up is when someone takes two previously unrelated songs and makes a third song that\'s a mix of both of them (a recent example of which would be this Gangam Style/Ghostbusters theme mashup). In response, Megan immediately replies with one song title that looks like it would fit the tags well. When Cueball asks for a second example, Megan gives him a new example for the same set of tags, which is really impressive.\nMegan\'s first title, "I Wish That Stacy\'s Mom Had Jessie\'s Girl" is a mash-up of "Jessie\'s Girl" by Rick Springfield (see video on YouTube), and "Stacy\'s Mom" by Fountains of Wayne (see video on YouTube), the latter was a one-hit-wonders, whereas Springfield has had several other hits. (The song Stacy\'s Mom was referenced in comic 61: Stacey\'s Dad). \nThe second title, "When You Come on Eileen I Touch Myself" is a mash-up of "Come on Eileen" by Dexys Midnight Runners (see video on YouTube), and "I Touch Myself" by Divinyls (see video on YouTube). Both of these are one-hit wonders (and can both be found on this list of such songs). Note that "Come on, Eileen" means "Hurry up, Eileen", and that "to come on someone" means to ejaculate on someone. Since the song is about lesbian sex, come on someone must mean have an orgasm while being on someone.\nFor other random connections see 305: Rule 34.\n\n