n\nThe Voynich manuscript is a very detailed book written in an unknown script, describing plants and recipes, most of which lack a real-world analogue. Over the past few decades, linguists and cryptographers have unsuccessfully attempted to decode the book. A cut out from the book is depicted in the first frame (real or similar).\nTabletop role-playing games (such as Dungeons and Dragons) are fantasy games with extremely detailed descriptions of fantastical worlds. The invented language is probably a reference to The Lord of the Rings in which author J. R. R. Tolkien invented several languages of which Sindarin (Grey elvish), and Quenya (High elvish), are the most famous.\nAfter being shown the manuscript for the first time by Megan, Cueball argues that it should be obvious that it\'s just an ancient role-playing-game rulebook, since the human tendency to invent fantastical worlds must have also existed in the past. That it is this obvious was again stated when the manuscript was referenced in 1501: Mysteries.\nIn the last panel the book is used, 500 years ago, to play a game  similar to Dungeons and Dragons. They speak in a somewhat outdated English. The reference to the real plant Wolfsbane could also be a reference to another invented world, as it is memorably mentioned in the first book of the Harry Potter series.\nAfter concluding this, a shocked Cueball then asks in the title text how Megan got her hands on the original manuscript (which is in the Yale University\'s Beinecke Rare Book and Manuscript Library). He then unexpectedly goes on to suggest the prosaic activity of playing Druids and Dicotyledons, assuming such a game could be defined by the manuscript.\nNote:\n\nIn the third panel, Randall may have meant glossolalia rather than glossolatia.\nThe use of the pronoun "your" in the last frame is anachronistic, as in early modern English it was used as a plural pronoun, or as a singular pronoun only to a superior; the proper pronoun would be "thy": "Thy Druid doth lose two points."\nElixir is misspelled as elixer.\n\n