n\nBlack Hat shows his friend Cueball that he has made a mobile phone application to log and find addresses and business names for the locations of his "friends" using data from Google Latitude which was a location-aware feature of Google Maps that allowed a mobile phone user to allow certain people to view their current location. \nThe reason it is worth doing so for him, is that most of those that use Google Latitude, haven\'t learned the habit to turn it off when engaging in "discreet" activities. And then Black Hat can access their whereabout which he then uses in his app.\nThe second panel shows the screen of Black Hat\'s smartphone with the logs for his two friend in table form showing activity for Megan and Robert, the latter log is partially cut off. (Regarding the use of these names see the trivia section).\nRobert\'s log is fairly innocuous: home at 12:30 PM, school at 2:00 PM and in a Subway restaurant at 3:30 PM. This log shows that Robert did nothing interesting for Black Hat. There are also several holes in the table compared to the other column. This could either indicate that he stayed this long time those three places, but it could also indicate that Robert has already learned to switch of Latitude when he is not actively using it. This would fit with Black Hat\'s comment about a narrow window in which people haven\'t learned this. His friend Robert (which could be the Cueball shown here, see the trivia section), may already have thought of this himself, or maybe Black Hat has mentioned it to him before getting the idea for the app thus warning him about the problem (without meaning to). \nThe reason Black Hat states that there only is a narrow window of time that people forget to turn Google Latitude off, is because people like him will make other people, who forgets this, miserable. And then everyone will soon learn to turn the feature off making Black Hat\'s app useless.\nMegan\'s log appears to prove Black Hat\'s point: She was home at 11:00 AM, at a sex toy store at 12:30 PM, home again at 1:30 PM, at another sex toy store at 2:00 PM, home again at 2:30 PM, then at Fry\'s Electronics at 3:00 PM, and directly at a power tool store at 3:30 PM, finally home again at 4:00 PM only to be at the hospital burn ward at 4:10 PM. The last entry is the only one where the interval is not half an hour indicating how fast Megan had to get to the hospital after getting home with her new power tools and electronics (note that Fry is a name, as in Charles Fry, so this was not why she was fried...)\nThis suggests that Megan first tried the sex toy(s) from the first store, found them insufficiently satisfying, purchased additional sex toys from another store, was still unsatisfied, and then purchased some electronic devices and power tools (either to improve the performance of her sex toys or to apply directly for additional stimulation). The results were apparently more painful than pleasurable, necessitating a quick visit to the hospital burn ward. Overall, Megan has had an at first unsatisfying day and then finally a rather bad day, considering where the burn is most likely to be... She would almost certainly not be pleased to learn that Black Hat has been tracking her whereabouts and sharing this with their mutual friend Cueball.\nThe title text shows that Randall liked the T-Mobile G1, also known as the HTC Dream, especially with the new Android upgrade, more than he previously thought because it allows for more capabilities and the interface is clean and easy-to-use when compared to other "smartphones" of that time period (because the G1 was the first phone to introduce Android) and it allows for special Google networking, allowing for apps like Maps to run better (making it easier to run apps like Latitude). From what able to be gathered in the comic, it is Black Hat who says this, because he is the one who uses the app and shows it off to Randall. He would be the most likely one to benefit from this kind of phone running this kind of OS/app.\n\n