n\nThe title of this comic is a reference to the dystopian comedy Idiocracy. The film postulates that over about 500 years, society will suffer from a massive decrease in intellectual potential. This development is attributed to the fact that people with a lower IQ are believed to be more likely to reproduce thus more readily pass on their genes. \nCueball professes his approval for the theories represented in the film, and the guy with the white safari agrees with him, lamenting the gradual decay in intelligence and education. (Note that Safari Hat is not the same guy as White Hat! See below.)\nBut in panel 3, Safari Hat suddenly reveals that all the "facts" he cited were wrong, and we learn that he doesn\'t support the dysgenic thesis at all. He turns to accuse Cueball of conceited self-righteousness (using religious zealots as an analogy), harshly condemning intelligence dysgenics as an excuse for feeling superior to the rest of society. Cueball\'s suggestion of birth control for the unintelligent only furthers his attitude. Although it is not named, one thing at work here is the Dunning-Kruger effect &#8212; that stupid people don\'t realize they\'re stupid.\nSafari Hat\'s punchline, playing on Cueball\'s birth control suggestion, is a direct insult: it would be better to reproduce with a stupid person than an elitist like Cueball.\nIt\'s pretty clear here that Randall is voicing his opinion through Safari Hat, and using Cueball as a straw man.\nThe title text reflects the opinion. It makes a few cheery comments on the future, but then finishes on a rather sour note about climate change. Climate change is a recurring theme in xkcd.\nIn fact, a negative correlation between intelligence and fertility is disputed; see the Wikipedia article on the accumulation of disadvantageous genes: dysgenics. And regardless of this the actual absolute IQs in modern societies have been rising, see Flynn effect. This can be paraphrased with the statement, that if the generation of our grandparents would take a today\'s IQ test, they would barely score an IQ of 70 and be at the limit of intellectual disability.\nIt should be noted that Safari Hat was at first thought to be a version of White Hat, who had the exact opposite personality depicted here. But since White Hat had already appeared three times before this comic, and as Safari hat has never been seen since (except in 1000: 1000 Comics), there is not reason to mix these two characters.\n\n