n\nHalf-Life 2 is a computer game, specifically a first-person shooter, released in 2004. In the above comic, Cueball plays the game in 2009 since newer games usually require more recent and powerful computers which are more costly. However, even a very weak computer developed in 2009 will comfortably run a 2004 game as the technologies are much more likely to "match up". Newer games simply require more CPU power, more RAM and pricier graphics add-ons.\nAdditionally, the price for an older game is considerably less than those of the more recent variety. Even the price of a once-new, highly anticipated AAA game is almost definitely guaranteed to have fallen due to the presence of newer games and the relative maturity of the present game. Most of the expected sales of a game happen near the release. A game would not be deemed that lucrative after 5 years, prompting a price drop to justify its sales or even printing. Sometimes, a game will be released with several, if not all, expansion packs at a fraction of the price of purchasing them all separately during the initial release.\nHowever, the downside to Cueball\'s strategy is that your gaming knowledge will be five years out of date. In a subculture that moves as fast as video games, it\'s almost impossible for Cueball to embarrass himself harder.\nOn the last panel, "The cake is a lie" and "This was a triumph" are references to Portal, a video game released in late 2007. Portal was indeed considered old-fashioned by early 2013, with the developers themselves stating they were sick and tired of the endlessly parroted jokes. Incidentally, both Portal and Half-Life 2 were released by the same company named Valve, and Portal 2 was released in 2011.\nThe song Still Alive, which the lyric "This was a triumph" comes from, was previously referenced in 375: Pod Bay Doors and later referenced in 1141: Two Years.\nThe title text also points to another flaw in this strategy: multi-player gaming requires other players, so if you play a game five years after everybody else, there\'s nobody else to play with. It\'s even worse with online gaming, as the company hosting the online server may have shut it down a long time ago.\n\n