n\nThis strip shows four advertisements that appear to Cueball as he browses the internet  without Adblock. (Adblock is a browser extension for Firefox/Chrome which prevents advertisements from being displayed). All four ads are for adult-themed websites.\nThe first advertises a website that brands itself as the "Facebook of sex". Because Facebook is ubiquitous, this is probably a good branding idea. Facebook is known to most users and connotes an easy-to-use platform where it\'s very easy to find people, chat with them, share pictures, etc. For someone looking for sex, this would probably seem like a good site to use. There are, in fact, sites that use this branding in their advertisements and/or their user interface which is likely what inspired Randall to write this comic. Cueball sighs and moves on, probably having seen this kind of ad many times already.\nThe second brands itself as "Twitter for 18+ singles!". It is a similar but (seemingly) invented ad which again plays on the ubiquity and popularity of Twitter. Twitter being a (generally) public chat forum which limits posts to 140 characters is still popular enough to get some attention and make someone think about going to the site, although sending messages to the world in 140 characters or less might be somewhat less of a versatile platform than Facebook for chatting with other singles, but still perhaps viable. Cueball notes that it is becoming more and more popular to brand adult sites by comparing them to popular non-adult sites.\nThis third takes a turn for the unusual, branding itself as "We\'re like Google Reader for S&amp;M!". Google Reader is a now-defunct platform that allows users to aggregate web feeds such as RSS feeds into one place for convenience. The service is notably less well-known and popular than Facebook or Twitter, and given that it doesn\'t directly link you with other people, doesn\'t have the same connotation of allowing you to connect with others. Perhaps it would be a site that allowed you to aggregate various fan fictions or other written works relating to S&amp;M. However, Cueball is still surprised such a site would exist.\nThe final ad brands itself as "the new GitHub for lesbians!". GitHub is a website that allows developers to collaborate on software projects using the Git revision control system. The concept is absurd \xe2\x80\x94 GitHub has a specialized function unrelated to anyone\'s orientation and it\'s barely a social network at all; the usefulness or appeal of such a system made specific to lesbians is not apparent. Cueball is surprised and possibly even intrigued by this last ad.\nRSS is a technology involved in Google Reader. RSS&amp;M is a portmanteau of RSS and S&amp;M.\n\n