n\nCueball enters, excited that he\'s managed to buy every one of author Terry Pratchett\'s Discworld books for his Kindle e-reader. Megan says that it seems pointless to her to build a Kindle collection.\nCueball interprets this to mean she thinks it\'s pointless to build a collection on an electronic device, perhaps due to the DRM (digital rights management) software common on these devices which can (for instance) make it difficult to transfer the files if the device breaks. (This was the subject of 488: Steal This Comic and DRM has been the general subject of many xkcd comics.)\nHowever, Megan is actually commenting on the futility of building up any kind of collection at all, since nothing we do can change the fact that we\'re inevitably going to die. And when we die, we always die alone - i.e. no one else can follow you on that last journey. And no matter how much you have collected (or earned) during this life that will not change. (A magpie is a bird traditionally thought to be drawn to collect shiny objects and bring them back to its nest.)\nThis view is in line with those advanced by the philosophical movement known as existentialism which theorizes that life has no deep, hidden meaning and hence even things that we personally feel are meaningful (like building up collections) will not change the outcome of life in the end.\nCueball obviously has seen Megan is such moods before (see 220: Philosophy), and excuses himself for not noticing immediately (in the first panel) by the fact that he sometimes mistakes her existential crisis as technical insight. Megan deepens her crisis by pointing out that she sometimes makes the  mistake to think that the universe cares. This is a disguised criticism of Cueballs behaviour, meaning that she would rather want him to care about her existential crisises, instead of simply brushing them of.\nThe title text sarcastically points out that Wondering how much shelf space to leave for a Terry Pratchett collection. (That would then be all his works not just the Discworld series...) is an excellent way to deepen an existential crisis\nBy the time of his death Pratchett had written 41 Discworld books and more than 70 books in total. The day after Pratchett died Randall made a tribute comic to his memory in 1498: Terry Pratchett.\n\n