n\nThis comic re-imagines a scene from Ender\'s Game, by Orson Scott Card, this is shown in the first two panels depicting the siblings Locke and Demosthenes, as Cueball and the girl. Their real names are Peter and Valentine Wiggin (and these first names are used in the official transcript on xkcd). In the book these two kids write their opinions on their worlds version of the internet to gain extreme political influence. Below is a synopsis:\nSpoiler alert! \nIn the book Ender is an above-average-intelligence boy who is selected to become a potential leader of Earth\'s "Defense" Forces in the event of another Bugger invasion (later re-titled the Formic invasions). Meanwhile, Ender\'s two older siblings, Peter and Valentine decide to save the world from itself. They do this by asserting themselves as wise demagogues who comment on political events on what are known as the "free nets" which are nets open to comment by anyone in the world. They choose pseudonyms to write under, as no one would take the words of children seriously, they choose Locke (Peter\'s pseudonym), and Demosthenes (Valentine\'s) and begin work. Eventually they gain enough respect to be invited to participate in moderated political debates in the higher class nets. By the end of the book, Peter has become the leader of the world, as Valentine runs away with Ender to a planet formerly inhabited by Buggers to live out their lives in peace.\nEnd spoiler alert!\nEnder\'s Game was published in 1985, when most people had never used (and some had never heard of) the internet. The first webpage set up with individual personal opinions (leaving out forums and bulletin board services) was online in 1994, the word "weblog" was invented in 1997 and "blog" in 1999. When Orson Scott Card wrote Ender\'s Game, Peter and Valentine\'s plan was based on a sci-fi idea expected to occur in the near future.\nHowever, this apparently science-fictional future concept is now just the mundane (and extremely un-influential) act of blogging. In 1985, Orson Scott Card\'s idea of how politics works in practice may have seemed a little naive, but now that blogging is an everyday phenomenon, Peter and Valentine\'s aspirations seem downright silly. We see their plan to win vast political influence manifest itself as a WordPress blog, and a particularly unimportant one at that, with 0 comments on most posts.\nThe joke hinges on the underwhelming reversal of Peter and Valentine\'s expectations. It forms both a parody of science fiction that has been rendered outdated by technology, and also a parody of the expectations well-intentioned people have going onto the internet to express their opinions.\nThe titles of Peter\'s blog posts parody the arrogance of internet commentators, with names beginning with things like "Everyone\'s wrong about..." This further underscores the lack of influence his WordPress blog would have and his naivete, as this is a typically unconvincing way to speak to people about politics, but someone with the arrogance to think everyone will naturally see their genius and insist they be put in charge of the world would not realise it.\nIn the bottom right corner there are links to other blogs. One is for Demosthenes, but the other is for FiveThirtyEight a real political blog that was founded by Nate Silver in 2008, more than a year before this comic was released. It was still owned by Nate in 2009 the year of this comics release but 2010 the blog became a licensed feature of The New York Times online and in July 2013, ESPN announced that it would become the owner. The blog takes its name from the number of electors in the United States electoral college: 538. It is a website that focuses on opinion poll analysis, politics, economics, and sports blogging. Nate Silver has been referenced, several times in xkcd, though mainly in the title text, before this comic for instance in 500: Election.\nThe title text uses Locke\'s full name Peter Wiggin, and is formed as a short letter that informs him that he has become the president of the world, and that he should meet tomorrow 8:00 sharp at the united nations (UN) headquarters. This is a very child-like representation of how a presidential appointment might be announced, further riffing on the naivete of the plan in the first place. \nAlso note that the note is addressed to "Peter" rather than "Locke"; Peter\'s attempt to remain anonymous has failed miserably. The title text says that Peter got the presidential post because he received enough up votes on his reddit comments!\nDuring their conversation, Peter is shown feeding a squirrel. In Ender\'s Game the character of Peter Wiggin is a sadistic sociopath - and there is a particular scene in the book where Valentine stumbles across a skinned squirrel still twitching in pain.\nReferences to both Ender\'s Game and Squirrels are frequently recurring tropes in xkcd.\n\n