n\nThis comic describes an unlikely confusion between a condom and an antistatic wrist strap. The two characters, presumably Cueball and Megan, are in the dark and about to engage in sexual intercourse. Megan checks that Cueball has a condom on. Cueball thinks a condom isn\'t necessary because he has an antistatic wrist strap on. Megan finds this ridiculous.\nAntistatic wrist straps are important safety tools for electronics work such as handling computer parts. The wrist strap provides a conduction path directly from one\'s skin to an electrical ground, preventing the buildup of static electricity which, if accidentally discharged upon touching part of a circuit, can damage sensitive electronic components.\nCondoms, on the other hand, are an important safety tool for sex, as birth control and protection from STDs.\nThe confusion is humorous because both items have abstract similarities, but are used in wildly different kinds of activities. In an abstract sense, both are items that you want to be sure to put on before engaging in a certain activity, wearing it throughout that activity to prevent any disastrous accidental effects.\nThe last panel implies that in his confusion, Cueball put on a condom in order to replace the RAM in his computer the previous week. Rather than actually asking about it, Megan just thought that was weird. Geek squad is the computer service department of the Best Buy chain of American electronics superstores. So Cueball also implies that he put on a condom while working in Best Buy, for performing computer repair, and so he was fired for indecency.\nThe title text conveys the irrational belief that nothing can go wrong on a project while wearing an antistatic wrist band. In reality, the wrist band will only protect your electronics from electrostatic discharge, and there are plenty of other things that could go wrong on an electronics project, such as bad soldering, installing the wrong component, mechanical damage through excessive force, or even electric shock from an exposed live voltage. Or the text could be referring to even non-electronics projects, in which case the wrist band would really be pointless.\n\n