n\nProblems in the study of kinematics often idealize the environment of the problem for the sake of simplicity. Specifically, it is assumed that objects are moving in a vacuum and that there is no friction. Then the complicated effects of air resistance and surface frictions can be ignored, and the more basic principles of momentum and energy can be explored. In more advanced physics, it is often easier or necessary to ignore friction if the process being studied is very complicated. So it could be said that "physics professors like working in a frictionless vacuum".\nIn the comic, Black Hat and Danish have interpreted that statement to mean that physics professors like doing their work while they are in a frictionless vacuum, instead of liking to work with problems which are set in a frictionless vacuum. Apparently, they have drugged a physics professor and put him in a glass dome (with his laptop so he can work) which they can evacuate and make frictionless. The professor wakes up confused from the drugs, and as the air is pumped out to make a vacuum (presumably slowly enough to prevent explosive decompression from coming into play), his words fade to silence because sound waves requires a substance such as air to travel through. As he starts to panic, he tries to run, presumably for the door we see in the last panels. However, without friction on the floor, he cannot exert any force to move forward, and his feet skate uselessly on the ground until he loses balance and falls. At this point he is probably suffering from asphyxiation. Black Hat and Danish are observing from outside the dome, and decide that physics professors have lied about liking to work in frictionless vacuums.\nThe title text refers to another common idealization, of an infinite plane of uniform density. An infinite plane extends forever in two dimensions, which makes calculations easier because surface-related properties are identical everywhere. "Uniform density" could refer to the mass density of the plane, or more likely an electric charge density, which makes a common problem in basic electromagnetism involving calculating the electric field. The "other two physicists" that Black Hat and Danish are experimenting on are lost on the infinite plane, since there are no edges or landmarks anywhere to give them direction.\nIt should be noted that, although a vacuum can be approximated using a vacuum pump, frictionless surfaces and infinite planes are only imaginary constructs and do not exist in our universe.&#91;citation needed&#93;\n\n