n\nThis comic makes fun of science fiction disaster movies, especially the 2003 film "The Core" in which a group of scientists travel through the Earth\'s mantle to place a series of nuclear devices in order to speed up the slowing rotation of the Earth\'s core and prevent a complete collapse of Earth\'s magnetic field.\nThis comic presents the next film from the makers of The Core. In this case an astronomer Ponytail discovers the Sun\'s fusion is failing. The two Cueball-like guys behind her is not impressed, one is disbelieving and the other is not interested (Whatever). But then Ponytail rally them by threatening them with impeding doom for Earth, and they call NASA. A group of astronauts has taken the call at NASA and the leader a(another Cueball-like guy) describes what could happen in trailer like fashion:\n\nThe earth bathed in eternal darkness? \nA night without a dawn? Not on my watch! \n\nAnd then he tells his team of astronauts, a fourth Cueball-like guy, Megan and another Ponytail to Saddle up, and the comic finished with showing the poster (a copy of the one for The Core with the Sun in place of the Earth mantle) of this new movie called The Sun (hence the title of the comic) with two taglines:\n\nIt\'s Daylight saving time. \nNever fall back. \n\nThe movie described by this comic shows a scenario where the "sun\'s fusion is failing". This is in fact the exact plot of the British science fiction film  "Sunshine" from 2007, released two years before this comic, which was about a group of astronauts sent on a mission to the reignite a dying Sun with a battery of nuclear bombs. \nThe sun\'s energy comes from nuclear fusion reactions among the extremely hot dense hydrogen plasma in its core. The idea of the sun\'s fusion failing is rather ridiculous from a scientific perspective, because the fusion reactions are well understood and the sun has enough hydrogen to fuel it for about 5 billion more years. Even if the sun\'s hydrogen was getting low it would start fusing helium and begin expanding into a red giant. This will in make the Earth uninhabitable. Even in the nearly impossible event of the sun\'s fusion is failing in the traditional sense, the sun would collapse causing a supernova. In other words, if the sun stopped fusing we wouldn\'t have to worry about less sunlight, we would have to worry about more. \nIn any case, it appears to be failing and the solution is to send a team of astronauts to the sun to restart the fusion (which is analogous to sending an ant to the US Senate to break a budget deadlock). The team leader is motivated by concern that if the sun\'s fusion stops, there will be no more light, and so the earth will be in perpetual darkness.\nThe poster in the final panel gives the movies two taglines. Daylight saving time (DST) refers both to the policy of changing clocks, which is intended to "save" daylight for a more useful part of the day; and the scenario in this movie in which it is time for the team to literally save the sun\'s daylight from being extinguished. "Never fall back" is an additional word play on the mnemonic used (in the States at least) to remember the direction to change clocks. The mnemonic goes, "spring forward, fall back" to indicate that in the spring season, clocks get set ahead by an hour, while in the fall the clocks are set backwards an hour. The phrase "fall back", however, can also mean to retreat from a battle.\nRandall seems to believe that DST makes little sense today and he has made it clear in several comics that he is not a fan. As DST is the main joke of the comic (and the title of the next movie), it seems obvious that the comment from the astronaut about this not happening on "my watch" may be a pun relating to his wristwatch. He would not wish to have DST on his watch! This meaning is the made clear in the title text see below. Also this indicates that Randall never wish to apply DST as he never falls back, the last tagline.\nThe comic makes fun of these disaster movies in a couple of ways. The characters in the first panel acknowledge that the scenario doesn\'t make sense scientifically, but are prepared to sacrifice scientific value for the plot. Also, in the second panel the team is to be composed of NASA\'s "hottest astronauts", which makes fun of the fact that the characters in movies are much more attractive than average, and the fact that they will be much hotter when they reach the sun. The team leader expresses his concern with a few buzz phrases often used in such films.\nThe title text continues the lunacy (solacy?) of the situation with the cliche of the "obligatory bad guy" \xe2\x80\x94 a person in the plot who acts antagonistic, often for the flimsiest of reasons. There is also the common complaint, especially among the technologically inept, that he can\'t figure out how to change the time, punning again on DST.\nNote that while four different Cueballs in a comic is not uncommon it is rare that two different Ponytails are shown in one comic.\n\n