n\nThe frequency of strip versions of various games is measured by means of Google search results. Strip versions of popular games are a common activity at parties, especially when alcohol is involved. The obligation to remove pieces of clothing is supposed to add an extra zest to the game. A very widespread variant is Strip Poker, followed by strip versions of regular party games like Truth or Dare or Spin the Bottle.\nHowever, the comic also suggests playing other games in a way that involves stripping. In reality, playing such games as "Strip Tennis" or "Strip Agricola" is rather unusual. Jumanji is a Robin Williams movie about a magical board game that manifests dangerous creatures and traps from the jungle and lost civilization therein; a theoretical Strip Jumanji would probably not remain very titillating during the chaos. \nThe last column features games of which strip versions are (according to Google) nonexistent. While the other columns named sports or board games where a strip variant would be at least conceivable, the last one includes the zero-player Game of Life and the Iterated Prisoner\'s Dilemma, which is a theoretical example in game theory. It is therefore left to the reader to imagine how a strip version of these pseudo-games would appear.\nPoohsticks is a children\'s sport mentioned in the Winnie-the-Pooh books played by dropping sticks into a river and watching them reappear on the other side of a bridge. Despite the kid-friendly origins, and unlike the other games below it, a "strip" version of Poohsticks is actually viable.\nPodracing appears in the Star Wars films as a racing competition held with hovering vehicles. How a "strip" version would work between two racers is unclear, but a determined set of spectators "wagering" their clothes on the races could probably hammer out a system.\nChess by mail could conceivably work if the players include increasingly-nude photographs of themselves in their correspondences. The problem is, a game by e-mail can take days to finish, and a game by snail-mail can take upwards of several months. The titillation factor is far too spread out to satisfy the desires of anyone who would elect to play a game of strip chess in the first place.\n"Global Thermonuclear War" in the title text is a reference to the film "WarGames", where a young hacker accesses a US military supercomputer and starts a nuclear war simulation, believing it to be only a computer game.  The film ends with showing the computer that nuclear war is "a strange game" in which "the only winning move is not to play", and proposes "a nice game of chess".\nStrip global thermonuclear war is a patently absurd idea; while it is a common trope for people to engage in one last moment of intimate pleasure before certain doom, foreplay (including strip games of any type) is a time-consuming practice, and time is something you don\'t have much of considering that the bomb could drop on your place of residence at any moment. Besides all that, the act of betting on which city is going to go up next in a nuclear inferno tends not to be an effective aphrodisiac for most people.&#91;citation needed&#93;\n\n