n\nThis comic is a guide to recognizing various animals by their footprints. However, the comic typically detours into strange, ridiculous or pop-culture-referencing footprints. In order:\n\nThe first panel is nothing special. Just a regular cat.\n"Moose and squirrel" is a reference to the cartoon Rocky and Bullwinkle. Rocky and Bullwinkle were a flying squirrel and a moose, respectively, and were frequently referred to as "moose and squirrel" by the show\'s antagonist Boris Badenov.\nLongcat is an internet meme from pictures of cats all stretched out that make them look very tall (or long).\n"Mouse riding Bicycle" is a reference to Ralph S. Mouse, a series of novels by Beverly Cleary.\nThe hair dryer has melted an irregular region around the rabbit. The title text is a pun on the Rabbit with a hair dryer frame, possibly an homage to Looney Tunes, where shows with Bugs Bunny would often contain a pun on "hare".\nLegolas is a reference to the character by the same name in the Lord of the Rings trilogy of books and movies. Legolas, as an elf, was able to walk on top of snow, while the other races in his party were forced to trudge through it.\nThe "Bobcat on pogo stick" panel is a possible reference to the character Bonkers D. Bobcat from Bonkers (TV series)\nThe "Knight" panel is a chess reference, as the tracks move just like the knight piece in chess.\nThe two "Kid with" frames are a reference to the comic strip Calvin and Hobbes. In it, Calvin would crawl in a cardboard box to do various things. When upside down, he pretended the box was a "transmogrifier" and could turn him into something else, in this case a tiger like his friend Hobbes, whereas when on its side, the box was a duplicator and could produce multiple clones of Calvin.\nPrius is a reference to current events in which Toyota Prius\'s pedals have allegedly malfunctioned causing accidents. [1]\nThe Higgs Boson is an elementary particle which, at the time this strip was posted, had not yet been officially discovered (there had been detections at the Tevatron with 4 sigma certainty since the early 2000s). It was tentatively detected in March 2013 in the Large Hadron Collider.\n\n