n\nCueball has apparently been invited to join an honor society, but he considers the reason he should join to be a circular argument: because honorable people are in honor societies and people who are in honor societies are supposedly honorable. He objects that this is a tautology: a claim that something is true because it is true (and thus a meaningless claim). From this he concludes that he might as well be in a "tautology club" and then starts one. Thus Randall mocks honor society clubs for being pointless.\nIn the final panel where Cueball has formed the club, Ponytail asks a new member (a Cueball-like guy) how he found out about them and he tells about their Facebook page. The reference to Facebook mocks Facebook groups whose names refer to a number of members they hope to attract (such as I Bet I Can Find 1,000,000 People Who Dislike Romanian Dog Abusers), usually ostensibly to raise awareness for some issue, but perhaps in fact just for the ego-stroking pleasure of amassing a large number of followers. Tautology Club employs this tactic only for the sake of creating yet another tautology. \nCueball is listing the rules of the club from a podium. The phrase "The first rule of _______ Club" is a reference to the 1999 movie Fight Club (see also 922: Fight Club), which contains the famous line "The first rule of Fight Club is \'You do not talk about Fight Club,\'" a reference to the club\'s intended secrecy. This phrase has been appropriated for myriad other varieties and parodies, such as the one mentioned in the comic.\nThe short guy with glasses could be Jason Fox from the FoxTrot comic (see the first two frames of 824: Guest Week: Bill Amend (FoxTrot).) Although it takes a little imagination to see, the hair, the height, the glasses, and the geek factor fits. Three of the other characters from the audience looks like regular character but also with slightly different hairstyle that the usual. There is a buzz cut version of Hairy, a curly haired version of Hairbun with a ponytail (also seen later on) and Megan is drawn with an uncharacteristically white stripe in her hair.\nThe answer to the title text would also be a tautology: he gets to be the president because he is the president.\nTautologies were mentioned again in 1310: Goldbach Conjectures.  Tautology Club was mentioned in 1602: Linguistics Club.\n\n