n\nThe character in armor is Sauron, the main villain in The Lord of the Rings trilogy. In the backstory, he takes control of Middle-earth by giving several Rings of Power as "gifts" to the great kings of  men after teaching the craft to dwarves and elves. However, he also forged a master ring, the One Ring, to control the Rings of Power and ultimately rule over the kings. However, the elves were not deceived by his plan and took off their rings. Enraged, Sauron starts War of the Elves and Sauron. After losing that war Sauron started a religion in N\xc3\xbamenor. After using his influence to convince N\xc3\xbamen\xc3\xb3reans to attack Aman, the island is destroyed by Eru. Then Sauron starts War against the Last Alliance. Sauron is eventually defeated in said war by Isildur who cuts off his ring finger. The books tell the story of a small group of adventurers who rediscover the lost Ring and attempt to destroy it, as Sauron\'s army gathers its forces to attempt to reclaim the Ring for their master.\nGil-galad is a high Elven-king, and Galadriel is an Elf of royal blood who serves as a matriarch of sorts to the remnants of the Elven race. Lindon is a location on the westernmost side of the continent, serving as the final transition point for Elves passing on to the Undying lands. Sauron refers to an actual event in the first panel, when he tried to gain control of Lindon through deceit; Galadriel and Gil-galad saw through his disguise and cast him out. \nIn the second panel Sauron is talking about Eru Il\xc3\xbavatar the creator in Tolkien\'s Middle-earth legendarium. While Eru created elves and men it was Aul\xc3\xab who created Dwarves, Eru gave them life. Orcs were Elves twisted by Morgoth so Sauron, being his principal lieutenant, would be a natural leader to orcs by the time he created the One Ring.\nThe song playing in the background is "All the Single Ladies" by Beyonc\xc3\xa9, which includes the line "If you liked it then you should have put a ring on it," referring to wedding rings. This is shown as being what inspired Sauron to devise his plan to control others through the gift of rings.\nThe title text refers to an often-suggested fan theory that the One Ring is actually meant to be symbolic of marriage. The Nazg\xc3\xbbl, also known as ringwraiths, are the former nine human kings who were bound by the rings, now a band of nine servants to Sauron who constantly seek out the Ring for him.\n\n