n\nCueball as a news anchor has another Cueball-like character as guest in the studio, a doctor who is also a trade expert. However, Steven Berlee turns out to be a fraud. In reality he is a frustrated programmer willing to lie his way on to news show to share his message with any newscasters wiling to listen:\n\nEvery time you say "backslash" as part of a web address on air, I die a little.\n\nThe slash character (/), also known as forward slash, is the correct way to separate distinct parts of a web address; for example in the address "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Slash_(punctuation)", a slash follows the "org" and the "wiki". However, some newscasters are unfamiliar with the distinction between the different types of slashes, thus confusing the normal slash with the backslash (\\), the wrong character. They may also be somewhat overzealous by trying to specify forward- or backslash since just saying "slash" would be sufficient. Also as mentioned in the title text the backslash is used in addresses on a windows PC.\nSteven Berlee claims that he suffers every time this mistake is made in a news program, explaining his reason for cheating his way on the air. Steven\'s name is most likely made up, as it seems to be taken from two or three of the inventors of the Internet:\n\nDr. Steve Crocker who has worked in the Internet community since its inception. He was part of the team that developed the protocols for the ARPANET which were the foundation for today\'s Internet and for this work, he was awarded the 2002 IEEE Internet Award. His real name is Stephen D. Crocker.\nDr. Stephen Wolff, spelled differently than Steve, but the same as the real name of Steve Crocker. He is one of the many fathers of the Internet, mainly credited with turning the Internet from a government project into something that proved to have scholarly and commercial interest for the rest of the world. At one point he managed a research group that participated in the development of ARPANET.\nSir Tim Berners-Lee\'s last name can made into the portmanteau Berlee. He is an English computer scientist, best known as the inventor of the World Wide Web. Berners-Lee is the director of the World Wide Web Consortium, which oversees the continued development of the Web.\n\nSearching the internet list no one called Steven Berlee, and the only references points back to this comic.\nThe title text refers to how in the Windows operating system, the backslash is actually used instead of the slash as a separator (in contrast to Unix-based systems, which use the forward slash). Thus, the path to any Windows file encoded in a URI (uniform resource identifier) would correctly contain the backslash character. However, placing such an URI into a web address to be shared on a news show would be completely useless, as they are only accessible inside of a local Windows domain (usually one\'s own computer) and no one would be able to access that file over the Internet. \nIn the title text Steven complains that after having had the modern version of the Internet for 20 years (since early 90s and this comic was released in 2010) they should have learned the difference by now. He also continues to claim that if they do not understand the difference between an internet url and Windows directory paths, and thus embedding these into their urls, then he cannot help them with just a short lecture while he con his way to time on the air.\n\n