n\nA malapropism is the use of an incorrect word in place of a word with a similar sound, resulting in a nonsensical utterance.  An example of a malapropism is Yogi Berra\'s statement: "Texas has a lot of electrical votes," rather than "electoral votes". A portmanteau is a word made-up of two or more combined words and their definitions. For example, motel is a portmanteau, from the words motor and hotel. A neologism is simply a newly coined word that is not yet in common use. \nHere, Randall shows a hypothetical Wikipedia page of the word "malamanteau" which is both a portmanteau of "malapropism" and "portmanteau" and a malapropism of "portmanteau". Finally, "malamanteau" is itself a neologism. The methods used to create this new word are the very words used in the process. This is called a meta or "self-referential" joke.\n"Malamanteau" was originally coined in 2007, when it was proposed by user ludwig_van on Metafilter as a term for language errors like "flustrated" (flustered &amp; frustrated) and "misconscrewed" (misconstrued &amp; screwed). \nThe bottom line of the comic (Ever notice how Wikipedia has a few words it really likes?) is a reference to the large number of Wikipedia pages that start by labeling their subject matter as a malapropism, a portmanteau, or a neologism. \nIn response to this comic, editors at Wikipedia created a malamanteau page. It was deleted multiple times and eventually turned into a redirect to the Wikipedia page for xkcd. Malamanteau and the controversy at Wikipedia got coverage at The Economist and The Boston Globe.\nThe title text refers to Wikipedia\'s requirements of citations for a page on there to exist. It also refers to the wide range of places citations can be obtained from, showing a direct opposition due to the use of very different citations (The Language Log arguments are modern and informal, whereas the obscure manuscript is formal and much older). Language Log is a blog that posts content relating to language and linguistics, including things like malapropisms and portmanteaus. While an informal source, it has produced new linguistic terms before, such as eggcorn. Its comments sections frequently contain discussions and arguments about English, whose participants are probably the same people who write Wikipedia articles about linguistic phenomena like malamanteaux. The fact that no modern citation could be found outside of Language Log comments implies that the malamanteau is not a widely recognized or studied concept, but one invented by amateur linguists. Malamanteau did not appear on Language Log until after this strip. Malamanteau has since been referenced on the Language Log website, with a link to the comic in question. Language Log has referenced XKCD many times before, reposting the comics and linking to the XKCD website.\nThe citation of a document from the 1490s is a reference to the fact that linguists, like those who post on Language Log, often use old documents as evidence, possibly to prove that a construction is a longstanding feature of the language. However, if such an archaic citation is the only evidence of the term\'s use, then it is unlikely to be a notable feature worthy of a Wikipedia article.\nFurther, the title text implies that the fictional article isn\'t exactly the most stable inside the fictional Wikipedia\'s userbase, or otherwise is being subject to some severe favoritism, since "malamanteau" hasn\'t been used at any time since the feudal ages and its most recent citations are a borderline flame war on another website. Most articles that are only cited by a single website tend to get deleted unless the subject has achieved significant coverage in outside news media.\n\n