n\nThis comic seems to be about phobias, i.e. being afraid of specific and non-specific things like Blondie is afraid of snakes.\nBut inspired by this comment Megan, as seen before, acts overly philosophical and says that she is afraid of something not usually mentioned as a phobia. Her sentence is one often used when someone wish to have a relationship, but one of them uses the excuse to postpone going into such a relationship because everything is complicated right now. If this excuse is used enough time (in a row), then at some point there will not be any more years left (either because one of the two dies, or find another or just gives up). This is what Megan states she is afraid of. \nAfter she has said this, Blondie thinks for quite some time (in the beat panel). When she finally decides to ask Megan if she might want to do something, Megan cuts her off. It seems likely that Blondie has read the situation correctly, and guessed that Megan actually wishes to enter into a serious (lesbian) relationship with her. But when Megan realizes she may have given too much away, she instead tries to prevent this inquiry by suddenly telling that she wish to be a storm chaser. This is such a strange idea to throw out, and also so far away from having a phobia as it can get, that she prevents the question. \nGiven the fact that Blondie has an idea that Megan actually have feelings for her, it is not so strange that she now decides to follow Megan\'s ambition and together they become storm chasers - individuals who pursue severe weather conditions, for either scientific investigation or providing media coverage or an adventure. Ironically, chasing adverse weather, especially tornadoes, is more dangerous than the things that cause the original phobia of either characters. Indeed, one\'s ability to control the risk while being near tornado is far less than one\'s ability to control the risk of being bitten by a snake; the tornado is violent and unpredictable, while snakes only attack humans when they feel threatened. Additionally, one needs to deliberately expose oneself to the snake in order to have any risk of being attacked.\nIn the title text another element of irony enters as they, while observing the adverse weather, notice that the snakes have been picked up by the tornado, and now, in addition to being exposed to the violence of weather, the main characters are also exposed to snakes falling from the sky.\nThis comic are related with the movies Snakes on a plane, Twister and Thelma &amp; Louise. The last of these movie has two women friends on a road trip, and in the end they kiss, and there have been several discussion on whether one of both of them would be lesbian or not.\n\n