n\nIn this comic Hairy is preparing for his date with Ponytail, and has just finished with a shower, as seen from the fact that he is wearing a towel around his waist. (Ironically this makes him more "dressed" than at any other time). Ponytail is even-more-ironically wearing nothing at all.\nHe is also preparing mentally by thinking about which situations he might encounter during the date. Since he cannot know for sure he is performing a "blind search" in his head. When doing a blind search in computing, there are two main tactics\xe2\x80\x94depth-first search (DFS), and breadth-first search (BFS). \nHairy uses the DFS technique, as indicated in the comic title, which means going as far as you possibly can down one path before looking at other possibilities. This turns out to be a bad idea, as Hairy\'s searches takes him out of a tangent. Instead of preparing for his date, Hairy instead spent the whole time doing research on snake venom, to the exclusion of even getting dressed in time for the arrival of his date. The way the last panel is the only panel and at the far right in the second row vs. four panels in the top row, indicates all the time he has used on DFS. And although he may realize his mistake, throwing up his arms, he has to tell Ponytail the fact he has found out that the inland taipan\'s has the deadliest venom of any snake (see more below).\nBy contrast, a breadth-first search will look only minimally into a topic before moving on to another; any new depth exposed by this minimal check will be added to a list of stuff to do later. This would have allowed Hairy to briefly check many more things within the time allotted, and probably still have been able to get dressed.\nThe relationship advice given in the title text on using breadth-first search may not be meant too seriously. However, one might be more sure about what kind of person one is looking for after already having dated a few people. But then the right one, might have slipped by. It is by no means certain that you can return to one of the first persons you dated after having dated another dozen. \nIt is, however, not very useful, if you wish to have a stable family life, to "only" be with a person for five years. So DFS is for sure a bad way to find out who you wish to spend you life with. One might conclude that blind search is not a good way to find your significant other. But for most people, there is no other way to search.\nHairy also has a situation where he goes out of a tangent in 1518: Typical Morning Routine.\n\n