n\nThere has been a stunning amount of progress in pretty much any measurable dimension of technology since 1996. We laugh at our prior naivete, pointing out that what would be a non-functionally awful computer now was considered state of the art at that time. Likewise with a Palm Pilot, arguably a precursor to today\'s omnipresent smartphones. Texas Instrument (TI) calculators, however, appear to have been left behind, not having made any significant advances since the newly discovered issues of the US computer magazine Computer Shopper were published. Thus, while we groan at how awful our state of the art technologies truly were in 1996, we are reminded that some technologies have remained in relative stasis over the years.\nThe title text, after alluding to the fact that academia\'s practice of only allowing (or requiring) specific models is at the root of how TI can charge high prices for stagnant technology, reminds us that when they were new, TI calculators were relatively powerful tools if you knew how to use them. TI-Basic was a fairly versatile programming language that could be used to make anything from games to reference files to computational programs.\nThe second half of the title text is a reminder to those of us who felt like gods for knowing how to program that power comes at a price\xe2\x80\x94in this case, the power to program a calculator costs friends. Since, as of this comic\'s publication date, no program yet devised had truly passed a Turing test, even the most sophisticated Chatterbot (program designed to mimic conversation) couldn\'t quite qualify as a friend. As of June 2014, however, a computer convinced 33% of the people who spoke to it that it was a human, qualifying it to pass the Turing Test. Though some skepticism on this point is needed, as it only passed the University\'s contest, not the actual Turing test.\nWhile many people aren\'t aware of them, TI does make more modern calculators in their TI-Nspire series, although they were introduced after this comic was published. The newest versions have color screens and (finally!) non-BASIC programming support through Lua.\n\n