n\nToday\'s comic seems to be a parable about the perils of love during wartime. Our protagonist, Beret Guy, is seen here leaning against his pack behind a low wall, surely a good hiding spot for any gentleman with a rifle and scope. Judging by the letter he\'s in the midst of writing, he has a complex relationship with Cordelia. On the one hand, she\'s attractive. On the other hand, she\'s a sniper, as evidenced by the shots fired mid-missive. Cordelia\'s fire works against her, though, as her volley of shots has revealed her own position atop the maintenance shed. We can presume that in a matter of minutes, this love affair will go sour as the love letter is wrapped around a live grenade and "delivered," so to speak. War is indeed hell.  It is possibly that they\'re playing a game such as paintball though, in which case the green beret would mask friendly fire of the same color.\nAs to the title text, the green berets are worn only by Special Forces soldiers. It takes a lot of training to become a green beret, and as evidenced by our protagonist\'s clever use of decoys to outwit a sniper, he may be qualified for the honor. It sounds, however, as if he didn\'t understand the proposition, preferring his regular beret instead. Further evidence for his idiocy is given immediately thereafter, as he confesses that he wears a beret under his helmet. Then again, he does not have a choice, since he has stapled the beret on his head.\nThe comic starts off with the commonly known stereotype of a soldier in war writing a letter to his sweetheart (Cordelia), presumably at home. After the gunshots interrupt his writing, we come to know that Cordelia is actually fighting on the opposite side - it is left open whether they are in an actual relationship or the soldier just writes love letters to his enemies. He explains to her that he can now locate her after she shot a decoy set up by him, closing with the phrase "War is hell", often used in the stereotypical situation described above and now having a much darker tint. The title text gives the reader some kind of closure - the soldier is revealed to be Beret Guy, from whom this kind of behavior doesn\'t seem so weird after all.\n"Cordelia" is likely a reference to Cordelia Rosalind\xe2\x80\x94the sniper from the miniature game "Anima: Tactics".\n\n