n\nThis comic is a take on the common plots of pornographic movies. There are several "stereotypical" setups for porn videos - the suggestive pizza deliveryman ("hot sausage" being a suggestive pun), the French maid who finds out her master is home early and the wife is still away, and the plumber who, while performing routine repairs on a woman\'s house, becomes enamored with her. In all cases it is usually a simple plot in order to set up a scenario for the pornography. In this comic, all three of these common stereotypical plots seem to have occurred at once. Realizing that none of their intended targets for sex (ostensibly members of the Jones family) are at home, and thus they are all in the house alone with nothing to do, one of them grabs a game of Agricola off of the shelf, and they sit down to play, their confusion about this mixing of scenarios forgotten. Then the Joneses come home and are baffled by the assemblage of random professionals playing Agricola on their floor.\nAgricola\'s objective is to build a stable family farm, contrasting with the apparently dysfunctional family in the comic.\nIn Agricola one can choose among certain actions with your (very limited) "workers" (Thus it\'s called a worker placement game). Those actions contain for instance "Take a grain" and "Be starting player (the next round)". Other examples are "Build a fence", "Take a cow", "Plowing" and other farm related things.\nThe starting player has the advantage of choosing the first item/resource/action the next round. Once an item/action/resource is occupied by a player it can\'t be chosen by another player in that round. The game is easy to learn and hard to master since it needs a lot of planning and anticipating the other player\'s next moves. As such "scheduling" is a very important part of the game.\nIn the game shown, its appears that Pizza-guy has used his first move to choose "Starting Player" (for the next round), followed by Maid choosing "Take grain". Pizza-guy had previously planned to take that grain with his second action, which has now been denied by Maid. Essentially Maid is telling Pizza-guy to stop moaning, he made his decision, and too bad that his plan isn\'t going to work as he\'d hoped.\nThe title text references "family growth", which could be interpreted as a cheesy euphemism for sex (in the porn-movie-plot context) or as a game mechanic for gaining another worker (in the Agricola-game context). The "not until round two" response could be used for either interpretation.\n\n