n\nThe newspaper comic strip Garfield has increasingly been known for repetitive, quality-lacking strips. In the past this was because the creator, Jim Davis, prefers to explore the same subjects he is comfortable with but in different ways \xe2\x80\x94 or from a less charitable view, because the strip is intended for a wide audience and thus becomes homogenized and inoffensive by nature. This attitude has only become more pronounced in the 21st century, as the aging Davis becomes less and less interested in the franchise. Regardless of the reason, these strips are now ghost written with little input from Davis, and rarely explore the unconventional. The comic is challenging Davis to do something unexpected and surprise us all. The comic also accuses Davis of being a "sell out", sticking to bourgeois/commercial logic, something that dadaist artists challenged.\nDadaism was an artistic movement in the early 20th century marked primarily by chaos, irrationality and surrealism. Some of the artists believed that the bourgeois logic made human beings unhappy and therefore led to war.\nRandall leads by example by featuring a strip that copies the style of Garfield, with multiple colors (xkcd usually contains only black and white, with some few containing an additional color like red or yellow) and a character that is not a stick figure breaking the normal xkcd pattern. Another dadaist aspect is the fact the while Garfield is smiling, he is communicating something that could be considered terrifying.\nThe title text explains that xkcd is exercising legal use of Davis\'s intellectual property, namely the title character of his comic. The Supreme Court case mentioned, Campbell v. Acuff-Rose Music, confirmed that parody is legal even when there is commercial gain as a result, and also referenced the Copyright Act of 1976, 17 U.S.C. \xc2\xa7 107, for the same reason.\nWhile this is normally understood by most anyone that questions such matters, Randall includes it as a reference to the lessening of strict copyright law, which many comics also mention, usually in the context of open-source software and those who promote it, like at the comics featuring Richard Stallman.\n\n