n\nThis comic has three layers: hacking, philosophy, and Google-satire.\nIt starts off on a practical level, with Black Hat describing to Cueball a devious social engineering scheme. It relies on the fact that people commonly reuse the same password on multiple websites, and tend to create accounts on new websites somewhat indiscriminately. Thus, one could create a simple Web service to collect users\' usernames, email addresses, and passwords. Since many users will reuse this combination on other websites as well, the website owner can try to hack their accounts on other common sites, such as Amazon, PayPal or even people\'s banks, using the same login information.\nIn panel 7, the comic suddenly develops a philosophical and ethical bent. Black Hat reveals that he has already carried out step 1, through his numerous unprofitable Web services which he had been running for this very purpose. However, after successfully executing the hack, he realizes that he does not know what to do with all this power.\nHe reveals that he is already financially self-sufficient, and makes a point that money can\'t buy happiness once past that point, he even states that research has proven this. He could use his power to realize his sadistic pleasures of messing with people, but he\'s already a serial classhole and do not need these information to continue that trend. \nIf he had any beliefs or ideology, he could use this power to try to spread them. However, he reveals that "since March of 1997" he doesn\'t really believe in anything. This could possibly refer to the March 26, 1997 incident in San Diego, California, where 39 Heaven\'s Gate cultists committed mass suicide at their compound. It is a plausible explanation, since one of them was the brother of Nichelle Nichols (a Star Trek actress), so the event got a big resonance in nerd circles (and Randall often refers to Star Trek in xkcd). However, given Black Hat\'s strange behavior, it could be anything, even Bill Clinton banning federal funding for human cloning research. Maybe he will finally find a belief he wish to spread after his revelation in 1717: Pyramid Honey.\nThe dilemma: Black Hat has cleverly executed a hack that has given him a lot of power, but he doesn\'t know what to do with it. \nThe last part of the comic now transitions to a satire on how Google has already gone through both the stages described above. It describes how all of Google\'s free services are simply a ploy to collect and control all the world\'s information, similar in concept but grander than the hack described in part 1. It satirizes the notion that behind Google\'s "Don\'t be evil" motto is actually an end-goal of using their powers eventually for evil. \nHowever, just like Black Hat, once Google reaches the stage where they are able to capitalize on their powers, the Cueball-like head-executive finds that there is nothing evil left for them to desire, except (as Hairbun states) make even more money. As they already make a lot of money this ploy is moot, and anything remaining that they wish to do, such as hosting Call of Duty (CoD) tournaments, isn\'t evil at all. \nIn the end the secretary calls dibs on the TV in the lobby in order to play CoD4 on what (one can assume) is a large screen. The Cueball-like executive who wished to implement the evil plan in the first place facepalms when he realizes that Google just sucks at being evil.\nThis comic was directly referenced in the title text of 1286: Encryptic.\n\n