n\nBill Amend, author of the newspaper comic FoxTrot, draws for Randall in this special \'Guest Week\' edition of xkcd. In the first two panels, we see Jason Fox, a geeky 10-year-old from Amend\'s strip. Jason asks to draw comics for Randall. When Randall refuses, he uses the sudo command, used in POSIX systems to perform an action as an administrator/super user. This forces Randall to agree. This is a reference to the very popular comic 149: Sandwich, which has now become a geek culture catch-phrase.\nIn the first comic, Cueball is making a pun on the word attractive. In the first context it means a person is  "good looking" or "beautiful" which the (presumably) female character attributes to her hair. In Cueball\'s context, it means that he is feeling an increased gravitational pull from the woman, due to her increase in mass (see Gravitation). This setup is also very typical of the Jason Fox character, who, ostensibly ten, is supposed to be too young to like girls.\nWerner Heisenberg postulated in 1927, his eponymous Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle, which roughly states that in quantum mechanics one cannot know both the position and momentum of a particle. The joke is that (presumably) Elisabeth Heisenberg does not know the position of her keys, because she knows too much about their (the keys\') momentum. (This is also the subject of 1473: Location Sharing.)\nIn many parliamentary and congressional halls it is customary, when calling an issue to vote to have the people who want the issue at hand to be passed to say out loud that they agree. The customary response to this is to say "aye." The dissenters are then asked. Their response would be "nay" or "no". Then the volume (by rough decibels) of the assenters and dissenters are weighed. If it is close, a more formal vote may be called. "Aye" is pronounced as "I" and "i" is the mathematical value of the square root of negative one, which can be used to represent an imaginary number.\nThe title text of this comic draws attention to the fact that there are a number of notable people who have become famous as cartoonists, but also hold degrees in physics or have a strong interest in physics. This might seem unusual, because the average person might see physics and art as incompatible, and this is why Randall writes "an oddly large number." These people include:\n\n Randall Munroe, the writer of xkcd, has a degree in physics from Christopher Newport University.\n Bill Amend, the creator of Foxtrot, majored in physics at Amherst College. \n Zach Weiner, who writes the webcomic Saturday Morning Breakfast Cereal, majored in physics at San Jose State University.\n Henry Reich is the creator of the web video series MinutePhysics, and studied physics and mathematics at Grinnell College.\n Paul G. Hewitt is a physicist and author of physics textbooks. His textbooks contain a number of cartoons, drawn by Hewitt himself, to help illustrate physics concepts.\n Aaron Diaz writes the webcomic Dresden Codak, and majored in physics (among several other things) before dropping out. His comics frequently reference ideas and experiments in physics.\n Larry Gonick is a cartoonist who has published a number of educational comic books, including The Cartoon Guide to Physics.\n\n\nGuest Week was a series of five comics written by five other comic authors. They were released over five consecutive days (Monday-Friday); not over the usual Monday/Wednesday/Friday schedule.\nThe five comics are:\n\n822: Guest Week: Jeph Jacques (Questionable Content)\n823: Guest Week: David Troupes (Buttercup Festival)\n824: Guest Week: Bill Amend (FoxTrot)\n825: Guest Week: Jeffrey Rowland (Overcompensating)\n826: Guest Week: Zach Weiner (SMBC)\n\n