n\nA trochee is a type of metric foot. A foot is a measure in poetry, it consists of stressed beats and unstressed beats. A trochee is a foot which consists of one stressed beat followed by an unstressed beat. "Trochee" itself is an example of this as you stress the first syllable and don\'t stress the second syllable ("TROH-kee".) \nTrochee fixation is supposedly caused by people experiencing rushes of dopamine when they hear or speak trochees during their youth. Due to the rush of dopamine they become more fixated on trochees. In the endless quest for dopamine, they continue to search for trochees (typically on the internet) while also producing more places to encounter trochees meaning more fixation for others with the disorder. Megan proposes a "radical trocheeotomy" which appears to be a type of psychosurgery due to the erasing of memory. Cueball misinterprets Megan\'s intent as a "tracheotomy", a removal of the girl\'s vocal cords, of which he is in favor.\nMegan proceeds with the trocheeotomy, but luckily it does not have the intended effect. Though the previous trochees have been forcefully and unkindly removed, the girl immediately generates new ones: "BAN-jo," "TUR-tle," "JET-pack," "FER-ret," and so on. The correct way of removing the fixation would be to alter mesolimbic pathway. Megan, not realizing this, succumbs to attempting to removing the girl\'s trochee fixation via cranially-applied brick. Depending on how hard the girl is hit with the brick she may have memory loss and potentially forget all the trochees she knows, but if this method is carried out she will have significant brain damage and will likely start fixating on trochees that she hears.\nThere are references to Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and Mighty Morphin\' Power Rangers, both of which are examples of actual, trochaic TV show titles. Additionally, there is a reference to sci/fi author Neal Stephenson who has written Snow Crash, Anathem and many other books.\n"Jetpack ferret" could be a reference to 20: Ferret, although the ferret in question only had wings.\nHuffman coding is a lossless data compression algorithm that works by recording a specific string and then only recording that the string is repeated a certain number of characters later on until eventually it only contains a "dictionary" of unique substrings and then mentions of where those substrings repeat. In highly repetitive data this can cut down the file size immensely, which is what Randall is implying by saying you would only end up with 30\xe2\x80\x9340 bytes. Most of the "random" stuff said on the Internet has been said before.\nTrochee and other types of poetry "feet" is the subject of 1383: Magic Words, and the trochaic form is explored further in 1412: Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.\nOn the blog, Randall published statistics about the occurrence number of certain combinations (now obviously inaccurate).\n\n