n\nWisdom teeth, as many people are no doubt painfully aware, are the third set of molars found in humans. Because human jaws are smaller than ape jaws, most of us don\'t have room for a third set of molars, and the teeth become impacted so they grow straight into the other teeth, requiring a painful, debilitating procedure to remove them.\nBecause recovering from dental surgery often entails a period of rest following the operation and the use of prescription painkillers (which have a tendency to make a person go a little loopy), Cueball prepares to play Minecraft for the entire time. Minecraft is a PC game known for its addictive qualities; the game itself primarily revolves around a three-dimensional world in which the goal of the player is centered on the aspects of structural creation using blocks found in the environment and the creation of different materials for use in building these structures. Despite its addictive nature, the game doesn\'t provide the player with a goal, so most people take to building lots of nifty stuff, such as large cities, computers made from the game\'s built-in automation mechanics, massive scale replicas of Earth, etc.\nWhile intoxicated with painkillers, Cueball has instead opted to flatten an entire continent and sort it into layers (by type of block, presumably). While there\'s no real indication of how big the continent is as Minecraft worlds are randomly generated, sea level in Minecraft is at Y level 64, which means he sorted at least 65 layers of a continent large enough to be sufficiently developed, so it is clear that this task would take a lot of time. Collecting a block in Minecraft takes a certain minimum amount of time, depending on the block type, so even if he did everything as fast as he possibly could there\'s a substantial lower bound.\nIronically, in the second panel Megan says she\'ll set Cueball up on her server, which indicates she probably uses a whitelist to secure the server from griefers who might destroy structures created by others, not expecting that Cueball would do exactly that. The last panel simply illustrates that painkillers tend to make one loopy.\nThe title text refers to people waking up during surgery. Because anesthesia requires a lot of careful calibration and dosage - there\'s a reason anesthesiologists are paid hundreds of dollars an hour to be there, after all - it\'s possible to sometimes get it wrong, resulting in the patient waking up in the middle of the surgery. The three most important parts of anesthetics used for surgery are an analgesic (blocks pain), a sedative (puts you to sleep), and a paralytic (keeps you from moving). The worst-case scenario that most people hear about is when the analgesic and sedative are under-dosed, but the paralytic is correct, leaving the person awake, able to feel pain, but unable to alert the surgeons that anything is wrong. As a result, some countries and medical institutions have passed laws requiring surgeons to monitor brain activity so that these problems can be quickly remedied. The situation the title text is describing, with both the sedative and paralytic wearing out (leaving the person able to write notes), would be quite unlikely. As for confiscating all the pens, it was probably just to keep the patient from disturbing the procedure while the anesthesiologist corrected the dosage.\n\n