n\nEigenvectors are a mathematical concepts that can be applied to a matrix. A matrix is mostly displayed as an rectangular array of elements used to describe the state of objects in physics. In pure mathematics they can be much more complex. The most important issue to the understanding of the comic is that a matrix can be transformed through various processes. These transformations can include rotation, movement and scaling of the object described by the matrix. An eigenvector refers to elements of the vector space of the matrix which remain unchanged (except possibly being scaled to be longer or shorter) after the transformation is applied. The prefix \'eigen-\' applied to the term is adopted from the German word eigen for "self-" or "unique to", "peculiar to", or "belonging to." As the eigenvector remains unchanged through the transformation of the matrix it can be used to describe something unique about that matrix.\nThe concept of an eigenvector has nothing to do with the fairy tale Cinderella; therefore Megan  confuses Cueball when she asks whether it occurred in the story of Cinderella.\nThe story of Cinderella includes Cinderella going to a ball in disguise, dancing with a prince and then leaving early and quickly, so that she accidentally leaves a glass slipper behind. The prince then uses the shoe to find Cinderella. Megan says that the way she learned it, the prince used an eigenvector and corresponding eigenvalue to match the shoe to its owner. This is a somewhat logical mathematical connection to make as eigenvectors, unchanged properties of mathematical matrices that may allow for mathematical identification of the changed matrix, correspond to the unchangeable property of the shoe (size) that allowed the prince to correctly identify the owner of the shoe even after the shoe was misplaced. Eigenvectors are sometimes used in facial-recognition software to match 2 faces.\nMegan explains that her mother, a math professor (drawn as Hairbun with glasses) would continue to talk when she fell asleep in the midst of reading bed time stories, and then would ramble on mixing the adventures with the math from her work. The middle panel refers to the story of The Ant and the Grasshopper with the addition of what is likely a reference to the Poincar\xc3\xa9 conjecture, a (now-misnamed) theorem in mathematics. \nMegan explains that even today she is not sure which versions are the real ones. Cueball cannot understand how she would not have noticed the drastic subject changes (which seems obvious to adults, but maybe not to small children). \nMegan then mentions two other story changes, the first Inductive White and the (n\xe2\x88\x921) Dwarfs was better than the original. The story is a combination of Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs with the principle of induction. But The limx\xe2\x86\x92\xe2\x88\x9e(x) Little Pigs was a little weird toward the end. That story combines the Three Little Pigs with mathematical limits. The reason it got weird toward the end was because the number of pigs tends to infinity as the story progresses. \nEach of the stories has a varied degree of similarity to the mathematical concepts that were mixed in as though her mom began to talk about a mathematical principle that may have been brought to mind while reading the story or already on her mind.\nIn the title text Megan mentions another adventure: Goldilocks\' discovery of Newton\'s method for approximation. Newton\'s method for approximation is a method for finding successively better approximations to the zeroes (or roots) of a real-valued function. In Goldilocks, the protagonist finds successively better porridge and comfier chairs in a house where three bears lived. In the same way, in the Mom\'s version of the fairy tale, she would find successively better approximations to zeroes instead of successively better bowls of porridge, and Megan notes that is was surprising how few changes that story needed compared to the original adventure.\n\n