n\nMany people believe that over-analysis is boring and only serves to detract from the beauty, wonder, or emotional moments of the subject. This is especially compounded in literature classes, but it\'s a gripe common throughout many studies. Keats in particular is said to have joked that Newton had "destroyed all the poetry of the rainbow, by reducing it to the prismatic colors". Many experts and professionals, however, disagree greatly, claiming that they see more wonder and excitement in those subjects than they did before.  \nPonytail\'s statement to Cueball in the first panel is proved wrong by Megan\'s actions throughout the comic and the statement in the title text, to the point where she retracts and changes her statement.\nMegan comes in, excited about slime molds, in particular F. septica. Slime molds are not particularly attractive \xe2\x80\x94 in fact, the average person would probably say they were gross and slimy. Ponytail is rather grossed out and horrified by the mold, and changes her statement in response to Megan\'s enthusiasm for the mold, in keeping with Ponytail\'s own disgust. She thinks that Megan is crazy to see the wonder in such a disgusting-looking creature. \nF. septica is a remarkable species. As the comic says, it can tolerate extremely high zinc levels. The yellow pigment bonds to the zinc and renders it biologically inactive. As with other slime molds, it forms a multi-nucleate mass which can move like an amoeboid. It changes to a sponge-like form before releasing spores. Although the taxonomy is still fluid, the slime molds are distinct enough to be classified as neither animals, plants or fungi, but form a kingdom of their own, with some types of amoeba.\nIn the title text the hagfish is described as the best hugger as it can create a huge blanket of slime around it self in a few seconds, which is uses as a defense against predators, and maybe also to move out of its own "prey", which is often dead fish and whales that it burrow into to feed. "Their unusual feeding habits and slime-producing capabilities have led members of the scientific and popular media to dub the hagfish as the most \'disgusting\' of all sea creatures." Nevertheless, they too fascinate researchers, and the slime may have various medical applications. See for instance the slime in this video and active slime defense (and knotting) in this video.\n\n