n\nThe comic begins with Ponytail stating that her teacher told her that if she worked hard (applied herself) she could be the next Marie Curie. But then a distorted Zombie Marie Curie (drawn as zombie Hairbun) walks in and informs Ponytail that she is not the only influential woman scientist, and would wish people would get over her "as the only important female scientist". She then mentions two other important women in science. \nMarie Curie was a pioneering research scientist, most famous for her work with radiation, and in isolating Radium, and Polonium. She died from aplastic anemia contracted from exposure to radiation from the extremely radioactive isotopes of Radium and Polonium that she would carry around in her pockets. She ends up warning Ponytail against exposure to radium, stating that it kills you. Though in the title text it is implied that radium will not kill you permanently, indicating that it was also the radiation that enabled her come back as Zombie Marie Curie.\nThe conversation between Ponytail and Zombie Marie Curie refers to the fact that Marie is often singled out as the only significant female scientist. Marie points out that this is a poor version of the truth, for two reasons. Firstly, there have been many other significant female scientists, and secondly, Marie asserts that the most significant events in theoretical physics and mathematics do not arise because of an individuals desire for fame, but from passion for the subject and a great deal of dedication and hard work.\nAs examples of important women scientists the comic mentions Lise Meitner and Emmy Noether. \nLise Meitner was one of the major contributors in the discovery of nuclear fission for which her male colleague Otto Hahn was awarded a Nobel Prize in 1944. In the process she proved that Enrico Fermi had made some wrong assumptions, but he also got a Nobel prize whereas she only got a National Women\'s Press Club award as "Woman of the Year" in 1946. As a somewhat late consolation, the element Meitnerium was named after her in 1997 almost 30 years after her death. (She is later mentioned again in 1584: Moments of Inspiration). \nNoether\'s Theorem is widely considered one of the most beautiful and significant theorems in abstract algebra, and its repercussions are still being widely explored to this day. She had to learn mathematics by taking auditing classes at University of Erlangen since she was refused take classes because she was a woman. And later she had to teach without getting paid and under male colleagues\' names, meaning that students would only take the course if they thought some "real" male teacher was guiding Emmy.\nMarie asserts at the end that Ponytail is not alone, meaning that there are many important female scientists out there, and also many young woman wanting to become scientists. But could also be a reference to the fact that, as mentioned, female scientists might be less likely to receive medals or other tokens of support and encouragement.\nZombies are a recurring theme in xkcd, particularly zombie scientists, which has also occurred twice before with Richard Feynman in 397: Unscientific and Paul Erd\xc5\x91s in 599: Apocalypse.\n\n