n\nWhite Hat is fond of good wine, and he can probably distinguish slight differences in different types of wine, maybe he is the type that attends wine tasting parties? And he doesn\'t like the cheap wine that Cueball has served for him, looking with disgust at the label of the offending bottle. \nOn the other hand, Cueball doesn\'t mind a kind of wine or another; all of them taste the same for him. Then White Hat tells Cueball that if he just tried some really good wine and paid more attention he would discover a whole new world.\nCueball answers is the main message of the comic. He says that wine is not different than anything else in this respect, and makes a list starting with the wine but then going past house music, fonts, ants, Wikipedia signatures ending up with Canadian surrealist porn. His point is that if you spend enough time focusing one special type of subjects/taste/visual challenges, then you\'ll become a snobby connoisseur (hence the title). \nWhite Hat tries to defend wine by saying that some things do have more depth than other, but Cueball challenges him on this by choosing something as obscure as 500 pictures of Joe Biden, famously gaffe prone Vice President of the United States, eating a sandwich as an example. He claims that if people are locked up in a box with those pictures for a year, they would end up being connoisseur on that subject with the same vehemence regarding the best picture as wine tasters can be about the best wine.\nWhite Hat claims that this is an exaggeration, but Cueball takes this as a challenge so in the last panel, apparently White Hat and Cueball are actually running this experiment to see if they will end up concentrating on slight differences among the placement of mayonnaise on the pictures of Joe Biden eating a sandwich, just in the same way that White Hat concentrates on slight differences among kinds of wine. The result of the experiment is clearly going to Cueball\'s side, the discussion mainly going on the importance of mayo or the light through lettuce from the sandwiches.\nThe title text presents the same idea in a different wording. The "scale of our brains" refers to a concept similar to Richard Dawkins\' Middle World, where things too small (say, smaller than the point of a pin) or too big (bigger than what we can see from a mountaintop) are just out of our comprehension, so the things our brains understand must be neither too small nor too big, i.e. the "middle world".\nHowever, the title text goes further in this idea: When we find things too big (like the distance to the Moon), we shrink it so that it fits into the "middle world" we\'re used to. Conversely, when we find things too small (say, a mote of dust), we expand it for the same reason. In a quite similar way, if all we have is pictures of Joe Biden eating a sandwich, we "resize" that subject so that we can fill books with the details about the pictures.\nExamples of "connoisseurs" for ants was later the subject 1610: Fire Ants, for fonts in 590: Papyrus and 736: Cemetery, for plastic straws in 1095: Crazy Straws and for surrealistic porn in 598: Porn.\n\n