n\nBlondie as a news anchor is reporting on a hacker attack on CIA (hence the title)\nThis comic is a reference to the attacks by a group briefly known as LulzSec, which was a splinter group from the internet community known as Anonymous, also featured in 834: Wikileaks. In the back of the news report in frame one is the logo that was used by LulzSec. The group was able to publicize several high profile attacks. They were able to briefly take down the CIA website using a DDoS attack. DDoS stands for Distributed Denial of Service in which the attacker uses many computers to send traffic to a host and render it incapable of answering requests from any other computer, effectively taking the site down.\nThis comic is pointing out the difference between what lay-people (Ponytail) and the computer expert (Megan) hear when seeing a story like this. Most people may think there is no boundary between CIA website and its internal network, and conclude hackers compromised USA intelligence service most precious data, which would be an incredible display of incompetence by the CIA and would have some pretty obvious negative side effects for CIA assets around the world.\nComputer experts, on the other hand, may compare the CIA website to a company\'s poster, so the damage done is much different and less harmful: the CIA\'s public relation capacities are hindered for a few hours.\nThe title text is a transcript of a fake news report. A story similar to the attack is illustrated using old technology. This attempts to demonstrate how silly the news coverage of the real event is. The recruiting poster refers to the CIA website, as it is a PR tool with no connection to sensitive information. It being ten feet high refers to the fact that that the website is open to the public and has limited protections (as danger from a compromised site is low). The ladder technology refers to the DDoS attack, as these attacks are primitive, but possibly well coordinated. The plexiglass poster covers refer to website security tools that may be added to deter future vandalism.\n\n