n\nIt sounds like you may be interested in my new product, a\xe2\x80\x94 stud finder finder.\nCueball cannot locate his stud finder, so Black Hat begins a sales pitch for a "stud finder" finder. The joke is in the irony of having to find something that is used to find other things. Cueball interrupts Black Hat before he can make the obvious joke. The same comic technique is used later in 1059: Bel-Air. Currently no product exists that will locate a stud finder, but online review compilations are useful for finding the right stud finder to buy.\nStuds are vertical wood members in wood-framed construction common in North America \xe2\x80\x94 but steel framing has become a popular alternative. These supports reinforce a wall at regular intervals by roughly 16 inches, about half a meter, and at corners, windows, and doors.\nA stud finder uses an electrostatic field that is affected by the densities and types of materials in the vicinity identifies where studs and other significant framing elements are located. One would need to know the locations of studs within a wall for installing wiring, mounting shelves, or in this comic, hanging a picture. Wiring can be inserted between studs behind the drywall, while shelves, pictures, etc. are better affixed to studs.\nMost stud finders have a light that turns on in conjunction with a beep when a higher density is detected, indicating the edge of a stud. But there are circumstances that can fool stud finders. Most are designed for the drywall-over-wood-framing construction, and would be fooled by older plaster and lath construction where the density is much more uniform throughout the length of the wall. Lower quality stud finders can be fooled by things like moisture in the drywall, or wiring within the wall cavity, and may thus beep when there is not a stud behind the scanned location. As a result, many people will try alternatives such as using a magnet to find the drywall screws or steel stud or tapping a finish nail through the wall to see if there is a stud underneath.\nAt the title text, Randall just gives up. Assuming there was no electrostatic interference, a stud finder going off randomly indicates lots and lots of studs at random places.\n\n