n\nBlack Hat has a plan to block traffic on the longest single-tier escalator in the Western hemisphere. At the time of the comic\'s publishing, that placed the comic in the Wheaton station in Washington D.C.\'s Washington Metro subway system, where the 70-meter (230-foot) escalator is. An escalator is a motorized stairway. It\'s clear that Black Hat knows it is the longest and that this is the reason he has chosen this exact escalator for his evil plan.\nBlack Hat caries a chin-up bar over his shoulder up the escalator, resulting in a conversation with his friend Cueball, riding up behind him, about Black Hat\'s motives for doing such, where Black Hat uses sly conversing methods to avoid saying his true motives. First he counters the question with another question: Why aren\'t you wearing a hat. Cueball\'s reply is a normal I\'m not really a hat person, whereas Black Hat\'s copy reply is not a real answer; I\'m not really a not-carrying-a-chin-up-bar person, is probably a sentence never used before this comic. It takes Cueball a second to process this answer. But he doesn\'t give up and asks again, but Black Hat just continues avoiding him by stating that I\'m not a psychologist - so how should he know why he does these strange (and evil) things. (Regarding psychologist the see trivia section).\nAfter this they reach the top and after they get off Black Hat quickly turns around and locks the bar in place at about waist height (i.e. as high up as possible on an escalator), just before the moving part of the escalator ends.\nChin-up bars are typically capable of holding up a 300&#160;pound (130&#160;kg) person without moving, and a bar like Black Hat has brought with him can be installed easily in a doorway, or in the opening of an escalator... \nThe unexpected appearance of a solidly attached bar at the top of a crowded escalator could be disastrous. The first people would probably stumble backward to avoid it or hit it and topple backwards, and collide with the passengers immediately behind them, knocking them off their feet and likely creating a domino effect all the way down. And this is exactly what happens in the last panel. A psychologist would probably be very interested in the fact that Black Hat is not even looking back at the mayhem he has thus created. His friend Cueball is not so detached and has turned around looking showing he is clearly consternated about what Black Hat has been doing. But now it is just the right time to get away as quickly as possible. Actually from the looks of it, they should be lucky not to get hit by someone falling all the way over in their descending side of the escalator... (But such a thing just doesn\'t happen to Black Hat!) Since they are most likely on the way down to a subway, it should be easy to get away on the next train, before anyone has a chance to try an find the perpetrator. Black Hat gets away with his evil schemes once again.\nIn the title text it is made clear that the the few people that actually escaped the moving stairs were unable to use the emergency shutdown because Black Hat had disabled the system, presumably before ascending in the first place. And this caused the stampede to last for two hours and waves of falling people would end up reaching the bottom three times. The reason for this could be that only the very first people at the top of this domino effect who actually hit the chin-up-bar knows what caused the problem to begin with. Since they are likely among those people too hurt to explain anything in time, the next group of people trying to get out after the first wave of falling people came crashing down to the bottom might just proceed to run into the same problem at the top once again. Especially since it was not possible to turn the movement off, and thus even if the first person do see the chin-up-bar he cannot get away before getting tumbled back into all the other people behind him. This thus explain why it happened three times before someone managed to get the chin-up-bar away safely. That it ended up in a stampede may also relate to the last of the three times, when people at the bottom start to panic because it seems they cannot get out again. This scenario is made realistic because the escalator is so extremely long. \nConsidering how often people have tried to emulate some of Randall\'s comics, it is a somewhat dangerous comic to draw. Hopefully no one has actually tried to do this (yet)...\n\n