n\nCueball is gathering a lot of different sorts of random things, including a parasol, a miniature Eiffel Tower, what appears to be a small round bomb with a short fuse and the bust of a mannequin. He adds these to an already immense pile of weird things including balloons and a cage with a bird. \nWhile this happens Cueball narrates in short sentences. The first three are statements that at first seems similar to what you would find on a birthday or anniversary card from one person in a relationship to another, but in this case, all the statements ends up being negative, or at least neutral. \n\nNormal sentence: You are the light of my life. \nCueballs sentence: You are not the light of my life. \nNormal sentence:  Making you happy is my greatest dream. \nCueballs sentence: Making you happy isn\'t my greatest dream. \nNormal sentence: Your smile is all I live for. \nCueballs sentence:  Your smile is not all I live for. \n\nThe negative continues in the fourth statement, but then it turns around and ends up kind of positive \n\nNegative fourth sentence: I\'ve got my own stuff going on. \nPositive fifth sentence: But you\'re strange and fascinating and I\'ve never met anyone like you. \n\nIt turns out to be Megan he is talking about who is shown applying a hammer to the front of a large and strange vehicle while standing one of it\'s huge wheels. She seems to have build this giant super tank/machine from anything Cueball supplies her with. With several huge pigged wheels a mounted gun, satellite dish, a crane and smoke coming out of an exhaust pipe at the top, implying it is already running it seems quite a disturbing tank she is creating. But Cueball is very fascinated by her strangeness.\nCueball\'s final statement is also positive: I want to give you everything (hence the title), which could have been on a card as it is. But the reason is unusual (and written at the bottom right at the very end as his final statement). The reason he wishes to give her everything is because what she does is so strange and fascinating so he does this Just to see what you would do with it, referring to whatever it is Megan is building now (or later).\nSome of the objects in the piles in the second panel can easily be determined, like the two balloons. But most others are more difficult to recognize. To the left there is what appears to be a cage with an animal inside, could be a bird. To the right there appears to be the hilt of a sword (maybe stuck in a stone, see 1521: Sword in the Stone). Finally the tall thin thing sticking out of the top left of the right pile could be the stuffed giraffe from 604: Qwertial Aphasia. There are other distinct things, like the tall "cylinder" and the three "cannonballs" in a pyramid pile to the left, and something with a peculiar shape between the "giraffe" and the sword hilt. But it seems impossible to determine what they are.\nThe title text similarly starts with the conventional Beatles love song "I Want to Hold Your Hand" but for an unconventional reason to not fall out of a gyrocopter. A gyrocopter is a flying machine that has a rotor like a helicopter, but the rotor is not powered by a motor. Rather, the motor of the gyrocopter drives a propeller that accelerates the machine forward, while the air rushing past the rotor drives the rotor like a helicopter during autorotation.\n\n