n\nThe Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe is a book in which four children accidentally  wander into a world known as Narnia through a wardrobe that only allows passage through to Narnia when you aren\'t looking for it. In the comic, someone connects an anchor to the wardrobe and throws it into the ocean. The formula describes the flow of water through the open doors, which means that a steady stream of water at an approximate velocity of 200 meters per second will flow into Narnia.\nThe evil White Witch, who has made it "always winter, and never Christmas," could not have anticipated that a wardrobe portal would suddenly begin spewing approximately 400,000 liters of water per second into Narnia.\nSea water freezes at low temperatures and flowing water freezes at even lower temperatures, depending how fast it is going. Water jetting out from this portal would be flowing very quickly indeed, approximately 200 meters per second as the comic says, this is about 450 miles per hour, or 720 kilometers per hour. And the water flow is approximately 400,000 liters per second, again, provided in the image above. The force of this water jet would be incredible. If you can imagine the force of a tractor trailer truck careening down the highway, the force of this jet is much much larger than that.\nThis water would not freeze. First it would decimate any forest trees or iron lamp post in front of it until it eventually slowed down and fell to the ground. There it would create a rapidly expanding river of sea water. Narnia would not stay frozen for long. Snow would melt, ice would break apart and the valley would quickly flood.\nDelta-P is a mathematical expression for the difference in pressure. Here the difference is between the depths of the ocean and the open air of a forest that creates the flow of water.\nThe title text references the video game Portal in which you solve puzzles using a gun which projects portals onto certain surfaces. In the game you cannot shoot a portal through a portal, but Randall says that if you try to create a portal with the portal gun through the wardrobe, space and time knot together. Aslan, the lion in the title, was written by Lewis to be an actual representation (scroll to the section "Is Narnia an allegory?") of Jesus Christ. The Space Core is a Personality Core from Portal 2 that doesn\'t care about anything but wanting to go to space.\nThis is a classic xkcd based on the intersection of literature, math and video games.\n\n