n\nThis comic is calling into question the reliability of Wikipedia. This is a favorite pastime of librarians and professional researchers, and not usually one of Randall\'s. But, to take it seriously for a moment: People, Wikipedia is editable by anyone. If you are doing serious work, follow through the citations, and decide which are from upstanding sources, and which are just people writing on their blog, and which are people writing on their blog who know what they are talking about.\nThe title of the comic is a play on the word cytogenesis. Cytogenesis is the formation of cells and their development. Citogenesis, on the other hand is a portmanteau of \'Citation\' and \'Genesis\'. A Citation is a reference to a source, used to back up a specific claim. Genesis means the origin of something.  By extension, citogenesis is the creation of text in a reliable source that can be cited to back-up a claim.\nThe comic is discussing citogenesis occurring on Wikipedia, a free and freely editable encyclopedia that aims to become a comprehensive, neutral compilation of verifiable, established facts.  Wikipedia aims to provide only facts backed by reliable sources. However, this comic strip details a process in which Wikipedia can not only spread misinformation, but make said misinformation seem reliable through a process of "circular reporting".\nIn this distorted process, someone adds an untrue claim to an article in Wikipedia. A writer of some supposedly "reliable source" checks Wikipedia for information, and blindly relies on it, without checking for proper sources. Eventually, someone notices the claim in the reliable source, and cites it in the Wikipedia article. The citation then lends further credence to the claim in Wikipedia, so the claim is more likely to be used by other reliable sources, generating a positive-feedback loop.\nFour years before, Randall commented on Wikipedia about that process happening to him (on a minor detail), which probably indicates the inception of this comic:\n\nI\'ve never referred to the boy in the barrel as "Barrel Lad" -- that seems to have started in this [Wikipedia] article. I\'ve called him "Barrel boy" or "The boy in the barrel". Minor detail, but it\'s funny how sometimes something can appear on Wikipedia, get referenced in other places, and then Wikipedia cites those other places as supporting references. Hooray Wikiality! \xe2\x80\x94 Randall Munroe as user "xkcd", en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Talk:Xkcd#Notes_from_the_author, 3 October 2007\nIn turn, Randall originated the untrue assertion in this comic that Steven Chu, a physicist, and at the time of the strip the U.S. Secretary of Energy, invented the Scroll lock key, a common button on computer keyboards. Since most people are aware of the scroll lock key but know little about its function or origins, this false information would make for an interesting piece of trivia that would likely spread very quickly.    \nFollowing this comic, the actual Scroll lock and Steven Chu articles were both vandalized by "helpful" editors trying to project Randall\'s reality on Wikipedia. The Wikipedia article on Citogenesis redirects to the information loop section on the article "Reliability of Wikipedia".  That section ends with crediting the term "citogenesis" to "webcomic artist Randall Munroe", with a link to this comic. This now has three citations. To make matters even more surreal, some Wikipedia editor once flagged the link to this xkcd comic as "Dubious - The material near this tag is possibly inaccurate or non-factual."!\nWe haven\'t seen a book like the one Randall describes in the title text.  But one example of the misuse of Wikipedia by "reliable sources" concerns the former German minister Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg. His complete name contains fifteen names/words and reads: Karl-Theodor Maria Nikolaus Johann Jacob Philipp Franz Joseph Sylvester Freiherr von und zu Guttenberg. An anonymous user added one more ("Wilhelm") to the German Wikipedia, just the evening before Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg was presented as the new Federal Minister of Economics and Technology on February 10, 2009. The next day many major German newspapers published this wrong name (translation of bildblog.de).\n\n