n\nThis comic is about Cueball and Megan attempting to find some privacy to "hook up", which is slang for engaging in sexual activity.\nThey start by going to a dorm, perhaps Cueball\'s, as a bedroom would ordinarily be a private place; however, the room\'s door is locked. They try Megan\'s (Seeing as the dorm mate is a girl) dorm next, but her roommate is currently playing an MMORPG and is "in a raid", a common phrase referring to a large gathering of players that work together to defeat a difficult enemy. This also pokes fun at the fact that some raids may take a very long time to complete, in this case apparently taking on the order of 24 hours. (This comic was published on a Monday morning.)\nIn the third frame, the two try to go to the library\'s rare book collection. Such a place would usually be deserted, making it usable for sexual activity. However, it is currently occupied by a visiting Nelson Mandela, who is on a tour of the school. \nMoving on to more bizarre places, they next try an accelerator tunnel, another place that would be very infrequently occupied by people. However, the accelerator itself is currently in use and thus the room is locked. This would be a normal safety feature to protect researchers from being exposed to potentially dangerous ionizing radiation from the particle beam.\nThe couple then try a beaver lodge, presumably another \'private\' location. A beaver lodge is usually only maintained during winter, and then only accessible from underwater, not to mention the infeasibility of any human-sized figure being able to fit inside.\nFinally, with our current understanding of physics, there is neither the possibility of hyperspace existing, nor the possibility of getting there quickly.\nThe caption is a parody of other laws of physics, such as "brightness is inversely proportional to distance from the source".\nThe title text indicates that the two eventually found privacy for sex in a laboratory, but inadvertently got Megan pregnant. This is a parody of news articles discussing whether scientists can create synthetic life in a lab. This eventual headline appears in a few 1037: Umwelt frames as "Scientists Create Life In Lab", with a similar secondary headline/caption as the punchline.\nThe comic 658: Orbitals is similar.\n\n