n\nMegan holding a smartphone tells White Hat that everyone now carries a computer in their pocket, and refers to how it is always on-line (connected) and is full of sensors (like orientation, vibration and GPS etc.) This is actually amazing and White Hat assumes she is overwhelmed and ask her if the development is changing too fast for her.\nBut it turns out that Megan is actually disappointed about the pace of technology\'s improvement, it goes too slowly. (Who isn\'t disappointed? From old sci-fi movies predictions we should by this point have flying cars and the flying skateboard like in Back to the Future 2 or a hyper technological future like in Blade Runner). She tells White Hat that she has  decides to cryogenically freeze herself now that she has developed cryogenics (hence the title) far enough for humans to survive such a deep freeze, and then she climbs into her homemade chamber and plans to skip 30 years ahead in time. \nCryogenic freezing is the ability to freeze oneself, so that one does not age and doesn\'t experience the passage of time. It is common in fiction as a useful technology for long space flights or other necessary preservation (like in the film 2001).\nHowever, to Megan\'s chagrin, when she wakes up, she is told by Cueball (who is not Terry!) that all the other scientists and engineers that were fascinated about the future have also frozen themselves, using her technology, even building their freezing chambers in a line to either side of her chamber, so nothing has been invented while she was frozen. \nBut as can be seen in panel four, and as Cueball tells her, they are all waking up now implying that finally something new can be invented! But Megan then immediately decides to try again to see what happens next, hoping the situation 30 years later will be different. But then the guy in one of the nearby chambers gets the same idea as she did (again). However, if everyone does the same thing again, the situation will repeat itself and nothing will ever change again, as they can continue this process in 30 years step. (Note that this is not time travel, but still related to this recurring theme in xkcd, and similar methods have been called time travel in xkcd before, like in 630: Time Travel and especially 1617: Time Capsule.)\nIt seems, however, that the engineer in the nearest chamber, to Megan\'s right, spots this problem and tries to stop all the other engineers from freezing down again, as he says Wait, guys. \nThe morale of the comic is: \n\nDon\'t freeze yourself, engineers and scientists! We need your help!\n\nThe title text refers to tech startups (and existing tech companies) who often use bold marketing techniques, proclaiming that they are going to \'revolutionize\' not only a particular product or service, but every facet of a users lives. One of the cliche phrases used in presentations is "Welcome to the future", implying that their product is the only way forwards, and all others are rendered obsolete. \nIn the title text this cliche is turned on its head, when Randall tells about a very short lived tech startup he tried to get going. The reason for the short live of the company, was that it admitted that nothing changed with it\'s slogan:  \'Welcome to the future! Nothing\'s changed.\' \nTechnology by its nature tends to evolve and improve, and thus a tech company which doesn\'t change will fall further and further behind their competitors, likely ending up going bust. Which was the case with Randall\'s (fake) tech startup.\n\n