n\nIn the United States, most grocery stores provide plastic bags for free, as well as a "bagger," whose only job is to bag the groceries \xe2\x80\x94 although sometimes this function is performed by the cashier. An exception to this rule might be "extreme discount" stores, such as Aldi. Customers are rarely, if ever, expected to bag their own groceries, even if they bring a reusable bag. It follows that sometimes a bagger might become a bit overzealous and use too many bags for too few products. This comic is mocking this tendency to go overboard, which is incredibly wasteful. The last frame takes this practice to its absurd and frustrating end, showing a reusable bag that has been double bagged. Exactly why bags are provided is probably a topic best left to academic discussion, but suffice to say that it is the state of the industry in the U.S. Perhaps grocery chains are concerned that if they did not provide free plastic bags, customers would defect, instead, to a competitor. Most shoppers view plastic bags and bagging by the store as givens.\nRelatively recently, some U.S. jurisdictions have begun to join more and more governments world-wide to either ban plastic bags, charge customers for them, or generate taxes on each sold bag. Using Washington, DC (Randall\'s home turf) example, as of 2010 customers are charged a $0.05 tax (again, by the local government and NOT by the grocery store) for each plastic bag, and receive an equivalent rebate for each reusable bag. While today it is accepted as a fact of life, the tax angered many at its adoption, even spurring some to claim that they would do their shopping in the next state over (in this case, Virginia), driving 5 or 10 miles to save 5 or 10 cents (this would address the theme of wasting money to save a trivial amount, addressed by Randall in 951: Working). The tax has since become accepted as a fact of life, and has been quite successful at its initial goal of reducing the amount of bags discarded in area rivers and streams. \nThe title text refers to the idea that while many attempt to make the environmentally-conscious decision to bag their groceries with reusable bags, thereby keeping plastic bags out of landfills, sometimes they forget to bring their bags with them from the car, or even leave the bags at home altogether. Randall is commenting on the sense of euphoria he derives from a relatively simple task: remembering to bring the reusable bag to the grocery store rather than the good feeling from helping clean up the environment.\n\n