n\nHere we have Cueball and one other unidentified character, who is dressed as Darth Maul. Darth Maul is a Sith apprentice in Star Wars: The Phantom Menace. The Sith are the group of characters in the Star Wars universe who embrace the dark side of the Force and are the enemies throughout the series. Cueball is holding a cheap replica of a lightsaber, which is the weapon used by the Jedi and the Sith. Cueball and Darth Maul are standing outside what they think is a theater waiting for the 3D edition of The Phantom Menace, which was released in most countries in February 2012. They both appear to be holding tickets or passes, presumably for entrance to the movie.\nCueball and his friend are die-hard Star Wars fans and thus are willing to line up in front of a seemingly abandoned, run-down building. When Cueball says "Let\'s give it another month", it\'s likely that they\'ve been waiting at least a month already. It\'s quite possible that the characters are not aware of the movie release date and they don\'t even seem to know if they\'re at a theater. The movie wasn\'t re-released until two months after the comic was published.\nThis comic seems to be poking fun at those people who are willing to wait long in advance for the release of some product or the first theatrical release of a movie (with the original release of The Phantom Menace providing one of the most famous examples; some people camped in lines outside of movie theaters a full month in advance of ticket sales). The title text expands upon this when one of the characters states that going to a theater across town may be better, but he is worried about taking the chance due to the possibility of losing their place in this line, a misplaced sense of priorities if the line goes nowhere, and they are presently the only two in it.\nIt could be that no one else is waiting with them because The Phantom Menace is often considered to be the worst movie in the Star Wars series because of the inclusion of a new race, the Gungans (specifically Jar Jar Binks), the stilted dialog and wooden performances from the actors, the general abandonment of practical effects in favor of CGI, the lack of a gripping or coherent story, eliminating the mysticism of the Force and the Jedi through the introduction of midi-chlorians, and many other factors. Thus, the comic may be insinuating that few people will be seeing the 3D release of The Phantom Menace by depicting Cueball and his friend as the only two in line.\nAlternatively, the comic may be set during the period preceding the movie\'s original, 2D release, and the joke, merely inspired by the then-upcoming rerelease, is directed at the aforementioned circumstances taking place at that time; those dedicated enough to wait more than a month in line to see a new Star Wars film purely on trust could also conceivably wait that long to see the film despite not knowing for sure if the movie has come out yet or whether they\'re even standing outside a theater.\n\n